None | Blade Runner 2049 is a story about nobodies, with unreal memories - wishing to be special. A toy-boy, who wishes he was real, his memories were real, his dreams had value just like human beings. A holographic girl (Ana de Armas), who wishes she had a real body, she could be touched like real humans.
50 | This movie was AWESOME... It was deep, and loaded gems. Its a must see for any scifi fan. My wife liked it too.... and that is saying something.
25 | I didn't care for it, was weird.
10 | boring and confused and narcissistic
50 | great movie! Not quite as good as the first one as it didn't break any new ground like the first did. Very moody dark and made you think. Good suspense.
50 | This movie is a full circle. A story that makes sense, and a marvellous atmosphere. Not without flaws, but its ingenuity will be long remembered.
50 | Absolutely phenomenal. Did perfect justice to the original and left me at the edge of my seat for nearly 3 hours.
40 | That was great. Still digesting. Gosling was great, superb visuals, music. A good sequel to a historical classic.
None | A very long and boring movie. I did not like it at all. Too much talking, weird Scenes. Not fun to watch. We were 4 and no one liked it.
05 | Probables 1 of the worst films I have ever seen, action is rarely seen, fell asleep at one point. I can?t understand how the reviews are so good on this film!
50 | I see so many review here saying "Boring", "Too long", "Didn't get it".If your attention span can't last 2 minutes between explosions or if you need all details of the plot spoon fed and explained, then no, you won't like it.Blade Runner 2049 is a beautiful film that entertains, twists and makes you think. Watching the original is a must as (as well as it being an amazing film) it helps to understand what's going on, and the references and flashbacks.If you like well thought out, beautiful cinema, then I can't recommend this film enough.If not, then I'm sure there'll be another marvel/transformers/fast and furious along soon.
40 | Kind of weird bit cool.
45 | In a movie industry where franchises and sequels rule and originality is about as rare as a sighting of an origami unicorn, nothing is sacred and even if there is no need for a sequel to the flawed but much-loved Blade Runner, we get one 35 years later and I am happy to say it is about the best one can hope for. Blade Runner is the first film I remember experiencing the breath-taking impact powerful cinema can have and it has been my go-to answer when anyone asks me what my favourite film is. This can therefore cut both ways: the knives will come out if they mess with a treasured cinematic memory, but I can be too forgiving if they pander to my love of the original. If they had pandered, then they have done a seamless job that not only respect and honour Ridley Scott's original but echo and expand its core themes and produced something equally mesmerizing and lyrical. For a film best approached fresh and spoiler-free, I would simply say original writer Hampton Fancher returns with a precise and articulate script, adopting once again a detective noir framework set in a retro-futuristic world, and up the ante while managing to find a new angle to explore the same question he has asked before: what does it mean to be human? Minor narrative flaws aside, (and misquoting Gaff's line: but then again, who doesn't have them?) I saw this film twice and find myself appreciating the deliberate pacing which allows the audience to follow a weighty narrative while taking in the stunning visuals and production design shot with Roger Deakins's sublime cinematography that defines the word 'awesome' and then some. The score is less melodic than Vangelis's but the throbbing soundscape it creates is immersive and hugely effective. Ryan Gosling leads a spectacular cast, in particular, an appropriately worn and battered performance from Harrison Ford. But above all else, this is Denis Villeneuve's film. He has crafted a beautiful and elegant film that combines aesthetics with intellect and his replicating of the original Blade Runner is never slavish and has enough originality and merits to stand on its own right.
50 | A worthy successor to the original. My only complaint is where are the giant 3D Fabio holograms bending women in flowy dresses over their strong arms? You cannot convince me that Wallace would ignore half the market!
50 | BladeRunner2049 My Review.........................Read Below.........................................NO SPOILERS.........................................................................To Start. I am a huge fan of the original.This was my most anticipated film this year.If you plan to see this movie first watch BladeRunner Final Cut. Then watch the 3 short films that have been released with BladeRunner2049. All of them will enhance your experience of watching this film.Also IMAX is the preferred viewing experience.What did I think of the movie?First, This is not a retelling of the first story.Im not sure how much I can say about the story without spoiling things, So I will say that I enjoyed the story. It was told in a way that keep me wondering what is going to happen next.Everything about this movie is the best of the best. Set design, cinematography, Lighting, Acting, Directing, Story Telling, Visual FX, Practical FX and Audio are all the best of film making today.I definitely got a Arrival vibe from the visuals, and color grading. If you are a fan of Denis Villeneuve's work you will likes this. Also, there are lots of tiny callbacks to the original sprinkled all over the place.Each character is so rich in design and delivery of emotion or non emotion is flawless. I bet the director watched Drive and immediately called Ryan Gosling up and asked him to do this because Ryan's performance reminded me of the film Drive.I really liked Jared Leto's character but for me Sylvia Hoeks (as Luv) really gave an amazing visual performance. That being said everyone in this film is amazing.The music and sound was (Extremely Loud to the point of vibrating my chair) amazing and thick with emotion and texture. Everything had a heavy weight to its sound. The music was a direct continuation to the original while adding more modern technique and style. Very mysticalSo, Now I talk about a few things I had issues with.First, the film is 2 hours and 43 minutes with a very slow pace. I suspect that might be a turnoff for some of today's viewers with ADD. There are very lengthy scenes design to just soak up the environment, build tension and subconsciously seep into your mind. I loved watching all 2:43 minutes of the film but it did feel long.Next, there were a few scenes that did not work for me. I understand what they were going for and why its in the film but I feel they where not needed. I wont spoil them but I think they will probably stick out for you.Over all this film has so much to take in I HIGHLY recommend you see it in IMAX. I really need to see it a few more times to get deeper into it before I can say where it sits in my top movies of the year.I do see a lot of quotes saying its a masterpiece and its better than the original. I cannot say that at this point. Its not fare to say that on only one viewing.Final thoughts:This movie is not for everyone.If you did not love the original, this might not be for you. If you need constant action in a 2:43 minute movie, This might not be for you. If you have not see the original, You might not understand the deeper meaning to this film.All that being said, This movie was not at all what I expected.I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO SEE BIG BLOCKBUSTER NONSTOP ACTION throughout the entire journey.This was NOT even close to that expectation.Because of how it was told and shot I was really emotionally invested in this film. I really loved it. But it did leave me feeling unsettled and wanting more side character stories.
50 | It may have been almost 3 hours, but it had great pacing. It could have kept going if it wanted.
45 | An amazingly good sci fi :)
10 | this is so boring i could punch the balls off myself.
05 | I just walked out after 75 minutes. Couldn't bear the thought of another 90. No sign of Harrison ford by that point! Beautifully photographed and CGI'd but dull as dishwater with a snail like pace. Easily surpassed Dancing with Wolves and Avatar for ponderousness of plot development. Felt a sense of total despair and ennui after an hour and was left with absolutely no interest in any of the characters or how the whole soporific mess was going to turn out.
50 | Will watch this movie on 27th Oct. Can't wait lol
50 | Oustandingly beautiful. Every single frame a work of art.
15 | All action, little substance. Much nostalgia; little new to offer minds hungry for relevant ideas worthy of propelling our time into a new way of thinking. Science Fiction exists to help us reflect. Instead, Hollywood dishes us the same high-budget punching scene over and over-- the same shooting scene-- the same garbage that requires the intellect of a drooling pitbull and does nothing to advance anything. They think this is what people want. They think this will make them money because it's safe. Their greed and lack of insight is evident. Great talent in this movie and often great artistry cannot make up for a terrible overall concept. Special effects and fight scenes don't cover for offering nothing new. I gave this movie a chance, and it sucked. No wonder it was a box office bomb. Hollywood doesn't understand our culture anymore, and can't produce art because it's caught in the trappings of mass-appeal.
50 | Improved on every aspect of the original - from the story to looks, and most importantly - on the message - being more philosophical and soul touching. It's not a masterpiece... but it's damn close to being one.
30 | Really?! Why and where those high rating come from? I don't get it, it's slow
05 | This movie is awful. So beat.
45 | Everything Denis Villeneuve touches is golden. Such a perfect blend of the old Blade Runner film, while also creating a sequentially sound follow up that opens the door for more films. I loved this movie. A slow-burner in some ways, but incredibly fascinating and beautiful in others. The effects were gorgeous -- such a pretty film. The acting was on point -- specific shoutout to Ana de Armas in my opinion. I am looking forward to the next one.
15 | I will never get back those (almost) 3 hours I wasted watxhing this. Waaaaaay too long, boring and drawn out. Yes it was nice to look at but that does not a good movie make. NOT recommended at all :(
50 | I canâ??t look awayÂ Â Â  In the age where most Hollywood movies canâ??t go longer than two minutes without some tween sarcasm, unfunny joke, gunshot, explosion, or expletive (sometimes in that order) Blade Runner 2049 starring Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford is a breath of fresh air. Sometimes itâ??s the silent surreal scenes and moments in a film that stand out over all the rest which is why the Blade Runner movies stand among the greatest movies ever made. They bleed cool.Â Â Â  Every scene was bleeding cool and the intense soundtrack made them even cooler. Quiet beautiful shots were well placed among loud pinnacle scenes throughout the entire film. Every moment seemed well placed and very much needed. Every characterâ??s dialogue was well used. Unlike most blockbuster movies there wasnâ??t any cringeworthy jokes or just grade A DUMB superhero lines.Â Â Â  Without getting too much into story the acting was superb. The cinematography, topography, and visuals were perfect. The quiet was perfect and every scene no matter how action-less had me saying to myself â??I canâ??t look away,â?? and I didnâ??t, couldnâ??t really. It was just that wonderful.Â Â Â  Blade Runner 2049 was an exhilarating thrill ride that was well paced, detailed, and executed. This is the level that all directors, filmmakers, screenplay writers, cinematographers, editors, and producers should strive for. This film hit all the right notes and left a lasting impression. Donâ??t see it once, see it twice and I guarantee you you canâ??t look away. Every element was carried out perfectly. The narrative, cinematography, acting, sound, mise-en-scene, and editing all went above and beyond.ProsBeautiful visualsSuperb actingAtmospheric soundDeep, deep plotExpert timingConLack of Harrison Ford bad-assery
15 | A mess of a movie. Looks like it was made by a film student who studied had Blade Runner but never really understood it. Gratuitous violence and weak characters. A major disappointment and depressing movie. Wish I could get my money and time back.
50 | Espectacular, solo para fans del Sci-Fy de calidad, excelente de trabajo de del director Villeneuve y del productor maestro Ridley Scott
50 | Loved it! Very much an ommage to the original, but managed to surpass it in many ways. Did not want it to end! One that I will have to watch at least three times at the theater! If you're one who needs to be spoon-fed every detail, or loves mindless action, this is not for you.
05 | This was the worst movie I ever saw. I felt the story was so slow, and was a 2 and half hour movie that could have easily been 1 hour. I wish I could have gotten my money back because this was the worst movie I had to suffer through. The story line was so slow, and I am not sure why they added the nudity because it didn't seem to fit with the animated naked woman. I did not understand the whole plot of the movie. I would recommend people skip this movie and not waste your time or money.
50 | La parte fotografica es increible, lograron transmitir todo lo que se transmitio en la primera pelicula en cuanto a cuestionamientos del ser humano y los robots, dispotibios y ambiente, los escenarios simplemente majestuosos, te la crees toda, lo unico malo fue la simplicidad de la historia y lo larga que fue en donde por momentos tiende a aburrir, de resto cinematograficamente hablando, tecnicamente, dialogos fue asombrosa
40 | Thought it was a well-crafted storyline, but needed better editing to cut down on the time. I'm 55 and saw the first one, so I was enjoying except that my 18 year old daughter started saying "I'm bored" during 30 of the last 50 minutes.
25 | This should have been so much better. Good god, how long was it? Tighten up, fellas! This was an extraordinarily beautiful movie that, in the end, felt like an absence seizure.
50 | This film may very well be a masterpiece. Hell it might be equal to the 1982 Bladerunner. The only potential flaw is *spoiler* towards the end when the replicants speak of revolution. That was a bit cliched/contrived. But that's but a very minor point. At the end of the day, Bladerunner 2049 is a beautiful film.
35 | 7/10 good watch, beautiful cinematography
20 | It was long and boring, but the dystopian future portrayed within was great.
20 | You could do so much good money that were spent on this 3h snoozfest
50 | Well if u ever saw her u seen this movie with cyber punk. It's a good movie worth watch but be warned it's sloooooooooooooow. If u do not like a lot of dialog or light on action don't see this movie cause it's not for u. Once again I liked it to me it was good should be viewed in imax. #moviepass
50 | Well if u ever saw her u seen this movie with cyber punk. It's a good movie worth watch but be warned it's sloooooooooooooow. If u do not like a lot of dialog or light on action don't see this movie cause it's not for u. Once again I liked it to me it was good should be viewed in imax. #moviepass
40 | Pretty good with tie-ins to the original. Good production values. Very good emotional impact. What's with Robin Wright's character downing liquor every scene she's in and a knife to the gut as the preferre execution method? Still a good show.
40 | Looks pretty good ????
50 | Otro nivel de cinematografia, Los escenarios te impactan los sentidos, es alucinanate. Extraoridinaria la pelicula!!
25 | Put me to sleep . This rating is a guess
40 | Being a sci-fi movie, it has its own weird tone on it. The plot is a bit too slow and drags for 2.5 hours, as it tried to present a vision of the year 2049 to the audiences (what the cities look like, the norms of society, etc.). The cinematography won me over and I appreciate the work being done with minimal CGI.
15 | So boring, so slow I want my money back!
20 | This try-hard sequel failed dismally to reignite the mood and feel of the original. A 30 year old movie put this state of the art CGI bastardization to shame in story, visually, and audibly. It drags on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on..... going nowhere fast. I found myself trying to get a quick nap just to "fast forward" to the meat of the movie which never came. What once was created by the original has now been destroyed by this one. The excitement of androids and the prospect of human looking robots that ignited imaginations in the early 80's became just another human clone pipe dream in 2017.
10 | I loved the original. This is one of the worst movies I have seen. Even Harrison Ford's appearance (late in the movie) did not help. The sound track was the only thing that was a positive. I can not believe 81% of viewers liked this one.
20 | Too self-indulgent, long take after long take of pensive slow-ass people walking to and from buildings unrealistically lighted and filled with dripping water. This is cinematography gone bad and storytelling gone worse. Internally inconsistent in both logic and motivation and wasting a brilliant cast, this sequel destroys the legacy of the main characters to advance one-third of a maybe interesting idea, but since it's sucked so bad they will never get to make the next movies to tell what could have been an interesting story. This movie made me mad for wasting my afternoon. Everything bad from the original with none of the creative style or inspiration, just drab, dark angry slow scene after scene.
50 | A very, very good sequel worthy of the original film and the book that spawned it all. Philip K Dick would be proud. One of the few films that has me thinking about it days after I've seen it. I want to see it again as soon as possible.
50 | Great movie. I was skeptical going in due to the 2:45 length, but it couldn't have been shorter. Excellent.
35 | visually stunning, just like the first blade runner. boring af, just like the first blade runner
50 | I think, like the original was, this film was an event and years from now, I will be just as happy as I am now to able to say I was a part of it, I was there.
05 | Please, if you care about life, don't see this movie
50 | English isn't my first language, please excuse any mistakes.So many thoughts, so many feelings since I watched this wonderful movie for the first time a few weeks ago. Since that... not a single day gone by without thinking about it. The movie is haunting me like near no other film I saw over the last 20 years (and I saw so many). Tears of joy... . On a personal note: It was worth to get through all the pain and suffering healthwise to be able to see such a bright, unique cinematic miracle. Iam glad and thankful for the opportunity to do so. There is so much to discover (mostly within yourself while watching the film), there is so much to riddle out, to think and feel about. A painful mirror image of our todays society and people on one hand... . Yet there are way more aspects and hints about what we have to face "tomorrow", if we not rethink and change our life together. We have to wake up as a species right now and become "humane" again (it's not to late yet). We still have a choice... and we must choose wisely. Saw the movie 3 times until now and next week it will become hopefully 4 times (still not enough). Some of us have only one chance in a lifetime to watch a great movie like that. A unique chance. There is something so very special, so very empathic, touching and humble, painfully honest about this cinematic wonder, about this masterpiece. Without a doubt in my favorite top five films. 1) The Elephant Man (1980), 2) Harakiri (1962), 3) Blade Runner 2049 (2017), 4) Akahige (1965), 5) Taxi Driver (1976). Thank you very much Denis Villeneuve and the whole crew behind 'BLADE RUNNER 2049'. 100% love!---A unicorn stays a unicorn even its creators, those self-proclaimed "gods" (predators) are going to break and steal his horn, even if they tell him over and over again, that it is nothing special on an individual level and that it is just a simple workhorse (a tool), will it for sure stay a unicorn (stay special & unique) for as long as it believes in himself (self-esteem). Broken horns, like broken dreams are still worth being protected.What and who are you?, who do you want to become? Create your very own memories right now, choose wisely friend... it is all yours right now... because you are alive... you really are. Are you?- Joe (formerly known as KD 6-3.7)
05 | what an incoherent pile of mess
50 | It?s not for the mainstream audience but it is a creative masterpiece and an important filmEssential to watch the original and read the book in order to get this movie
30 | Beautiful aesthetically, but slow-paced and a bit too long.
45 | I liked it better than the first one, I did not get bored. However, the long runtime removed a perfect score.
50 | Loved it! Why can?t all movies be like this one? Watched twice already but is a movie to own. More space iCloud!
50 | BRILLIANT AND ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL!!!
45 | Better than the original. Only thing I disliked was Jared Leto's character, monologuing to little effect.
50 | One of the all-time greatest sci-fi films. Intelligent and captivating.
35 | Great movie just way too long it just drags on, I literally fell asleep.
30 | The movie of plot were great, the actors performed well, but the movie was just drawn out a little too long
50 | Amazing cinematography, script, acting. Great all round.
35 | I need another watch whilst not tired!
45 | Incredible cinematography and sound. Good story, I almost think it's better than the original. It grabbed at me more easily mostly because the romance was more fleshed out and believable. I just wish this movie was 20-30 minutes shorter. It was really! long. Jared Leto was such a weird character, he felt superficial and incomplete in conception. And the ending fell flat for me, I didn't feel like it fit with the movie. Anti-climatic. But otherwise, stunning work here.
None | I can't believe all the good reviews this movie is getting. I honestly can't recommend it .
05 | Honestly the visual are not enough to save the boring plot of the movie .
50 | This movie delivered in every way imaginable. From the character development to the ambiance. This is one of those films that is a must watch in theaters otherwise you may not fully appreciate it at home. 10/10
50 | Excellent directing, storytelling and visuals makes it one of the best movies of 2017 so far. Ryan Gosling gave an amazing performance as K/Joe and I'm glad they didn't overuse Ford's character of Deckard. I personally think 2049 is better than the original, and I felt invested through the entirety of the film.
50 | Not for the uninitiated but wonderful.
30 | While Blade Runner 2049 is original, it's also slow in many places, has lots of good actors and actresses that are only in the film for a few minutes, and it's a bit weird....The cinematography is good, and Ryan Gosling gets to play Ryan Gosling terminator so that might explain why he gets wounded so often and still keeps on ticking.It's worth a buck.
50 | Spectacularly good. Visually beautiful, well written, and thought provoking. Not for everyone, but a fantastic film through and through. Seems destined for cult status ala the original.
05 | Absolutely boring drivel. I love a good Gosling broody and silent, I long for a good Matrix or Gattaca Sci Fi that challenges our norms and hides deep philosophical truths behind a blend of art and special effects. But this was neither...it was slow and dull like the endless darkness and rain. Not even some decent explosions like Terminator or Judge Dredd to distract from the endless smug Hollywood monotony dressed as art in its most pretentious form. Go to the pub, read a good book, enjoy the sunshine talk to a friend save yourself some money and don't waste your time.
45 | Loved it. So rare to see a sequel that outshines the original, and this does. The capture of the original mood is perfect but with the help of new film techniques they only add greatly to a simple yet captivating story. - After seeing this my 18 year old son went to watch it and was equally impressed despite never seeing or having heard of the original, which he now wants to watch.
50 | A true sci-fi master piece and perhaps Denis Villeneuve's magnum opus to date. It masterfully incorporates plot elements of Ridley Scott's screenplay while somehow staying truer to the original vision of author Philip K. Dick's award winning "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" Authentic and meditative, it is a visual and emotive work of art.
50 | I know it's been said before about this movie but the cinematography was incredible. The directing was also fantastic. maybe it was just a style the movie but sometimes the actress seemed a little bit bored but I really really enjoyed this movie.
25 | 45 minutes too long, and without any meaningful character development for the majority of the film. Ford's character was the best part of the film and there was far too little of him.
05 | Visualy good story was just bad so much open ending and no closure at all wait for it to come out on dvd
45 | It is a real shame that the movie is not doing well in box office.Bladerunner is my favorite sci-fi universe and Bladerunner 2049 did not disappoint at all. And it isn't just because it is visually stunning while staying faithful, it also retains that slow methodological world building style of shooting.In most sci-fi cinema, a lot of fancy wide angle shots, high tech gadgets with/without aliens are used to emphasis the strangeness and uniqueness of the world.Bladerunner also have all of that (without the aliens), but it never feel like the director is spoonfeeding you: look at these beautiful structures. The unique clothing trend, the beautiful ads on buildings, the flying cars are there like it's just the way the world is. In another words, it's a living, believable world.It's a shame the plot didn't quite live upto the original Bladerunner, it touched on some deeper topics but stopped before it got any further.This is why I think the movie while being an extremely good and worthy sequel, it fails to become a timeless classic like the original.The music is definitly one of the strength of the movie. It's loud and get right into your face and does not shy away from the background. It's memorable and imo it is one of the best soundtrack this year.Overall, as a fan, I am very glad it had this amount of budget to have a sequel like this.I just wish it had a little more substance to the plot, and even though the movie was 3 hours long, I felt the plot could easily run for another 3 hours. The plot as it is now, is a tad too "sequel" and less of a plot on its own.
20 | I am really stunned by all the good reviews here. The original Blade Runner was beautiful, exciting, thought-provoking and did not plod slowly through the storyline. This film was not a good stand alone film. If you had not seen the first one, 2049 will carry less impact and leave you a little confused. This film has a great look but not compared to the original. Had I known how much of a misfire this was I never would have paid $10 to see. There is no confusion as to why the box office on this was disappointing. It's not really a good film. It's a weak, slow moving, watered down followup with minimal action and not enough impact. Really a sad surprise.
50 | Incredible movie from beginning to end. An artwork that anyone interested needs to experience.
25 | Wow.....struggled to keep my eyes open the whole movie. Not much action, with way too much of Ryan Gosling blankly staring at things. A few nice panoramic shots of the futuristic cities but apart from that i really felt let down. Sucks, because i loved the 1st movie!
50 | in my option this is an amazing movie that is worth every minute
50 | Best film of the year without doubt. Bleak, noir and stays faithful to the original. A great story. I just love the world it depicts.
50 | I wasn't a huge fan of the first blade runner so did not have huge expectations like a lot did but wow this movie impressed me indefinitely. the best film of the year so far in my opinion.
45 | A sequel that was more than worth the 35 year wait. Gorgeous cinematography, fantastic direction and powerhouse performances from old and new characters, Blade Runner 2049 effortlessly expands on the original while also delivering its own powerful, thought provoking story as well.
50 | This is so far the best movie in 2017, Fantastic ,I 'm glad we have this now ,we miss this cinema quality, after it was ruined by superheros movies .
05 | Horrible. The critics must be paid the give a positive review. The first Blade Runner is great. The movie makes a big mistake in putting form over substance. Movies tell stories. This movie was to full of itself to even get there. Boring to the nth degree. Don't waste your time. Also, this movie tarnished the legacy of the original. Totally ridiculous premise of conception re robots. Will go down as a huge mistake. Music was too loud. Visuals somber. But a movie is about storytelling. There is nothing to see here folks. Keep it moving.
10 | shit movie. shit story. overrated hype on reviews.
50 | FINALLY! A film worth watching in the theatre! I have not been satisfied with the last films to hit the theaters since Mad Max. That being said, this is a MUST WATCH!! It is easily one of my favorite movies. The dynamics of this film are absolutely unique and creative in so many ways. Not only is the story line capturing, but the unique cinematography is an absolute masterpiece. It gives a new definition to what true creativity is in capturing so many different elements in lighting and imagery. I cannot say anything more positive about this film. It is a must see!!
50 | The cinematography in this film is absolutely mind blowing. It gives cinematography itself a new definition and raises the bar in both creativity and innovation. The movie itself was satisfying in every sense of the word. There were so many different elements and layers, the artistry and the creativity in this film is absolutely an achievement unique in its own right. This is easily one of the best films to hit the theaters since Mad Max. It is definitely a MUST SEE for the critic and artist.
45 | If they could get rid of those flashbacks in the third act of the movie, it would be a solid 5 stars
50 | A MASTERPIECE! Simply Phenomenal.
45 | A fantastic sequel to the original sci-fi classic
10 | The movie looked amazing but the story was bland AF. I get the premise, the theme, and the symbolism but it's still not that entertaining of a plot.
20 | I loved the original movie and wanted to like this one. The plot moved WAY too slow, to the point of boredom. I didn't care about Joe at all because I was just wondering when the plot would finally move on so the movie could end. The slow pace was the main issue with the movie. The second issue for me is they didn't have *any* multidimensional female characters. The police commissioner comes close but did she really *do* anything except nag Joe? The girlfriend/house thing had potential but wasn't explored fully. The servant was probably the strongest female of the movie, and she was a bad guy! The rest of the females were hookers! There was just nothing to grab on to. And what was with fake jesus and his middle-school level philosophy?Two stars both come from the cinematography and CGI which was gorgeous. This movie was a stunner. At least I could just look at the pretty shapes and colors when I got bored by the horrible story telling.I left the movie theater feeling unhappy and fatigued. What more can I say?
10 | Very bad plot everything was draaawwwwnnn oooouuuutttt!
15 | There are many great films that feel slow/are slow but are still excellent. Wolf Children is a fantastic film that feels longer than it actually is. The difference between Wolf Children and BladeRunner 2049 is that there's actual plot progression in Wolf Children.This film prioritizes eye candy and their cool soundtrack over the story. You get new plot information every 10-15 min or so when the film remembers it's supposed to be telling a story. Again, slow pacing is fine as long as it's warranted and I'm invested in it or the characters.Last 30 minutes were pretty decent and caught me off guard, but that can't save the movie. First 2 hours could've easily been 45 min and it would've been able to give the same necessary info and development.I don't care about the visuals (which are very nice) or the sound (which is epic) or the symbolism. Give me a story that I can invest in. Once you do that then you can give me everything else.
50 | just saw it and I have to say it's great to see you again Harrison Ford
40 | A great movie and capable of standing alone on the plot. I've never seen the original Blade Runner until after this movie, but 2049 had a great plot and kept me enthralled in the movie! A must see!
45 | Fantastic follow on from the original Blade Runner movie.
50 | Great action! Must see the original or you will be lost! Wish they had more jared leto scenes
05 | Boring. My husband fell asleep -- twice. I didn't because I kept thinking SOMETHING had to happen. It never did. The only thing to keep me from leaving was the comfy chairs.
05 | This movie was boring as crap and very loud at very random moments.
50 | Without a doubt, the best sci-fi film I've seen in a very long time. This is a philosophical journey that dovetails perfectly with the original and the best part is, the story is as good as the visuals. Folks that will enjoy this film will be smart, mature, and have an understanding of fine sci-fi. If this is you, you won't be disappointed!
45 | Stunning to behold, but maybe takes a bit too long admiring itself sometimes...
40 | Grade: A-Rating: R, 164 minutesIn a Nutshell: This is a LONG movie. If you're a big fan of the 1982 original Blade Runner, you'll probably love every minute, while admittedly, it's not everyone's cup of futuristic tea.This visually stunning sequel was a long time in coming and I'm thrilled that Harrison Ford was able to be in it so we can revisit his character.You don't have to see the original Blade Runner movie first, but it sure helps. While this film stands alone in an impressive way, it also deepens and expands the original. It's a science-fiction masterpiece that has director Denis Villeneuve earning the praise he deserves.Uplifting theme:What makes a man? What is humanity?Life....the value of life, the meaning of life.Things I liked:You had me at Ryan Gosling. When he touched a piano key, I kind of hoped he'd start singing City Of Stars (From "La La Land" Soundtrack) ha haAna de Armas is just fun to look at. I loved her scenes with Ryan Gosling.Robin Wright sure has come a long way since The Princess Bride (one of my all-time faves.)They did an amazing job with creating a new world and time.The cinematography by Roger Deakins is outstanding. Some say it's the best of his career and worthy of an Oscar.The sound is impressive, but sometimes annoying.There are many surprises, which makes movie-going so much fun.Things I didn't like:Everything is so dusty! ha haSome of the frames are just so long and drawn out and slow-moving. Did I say the same thing three times?There are a lot of scenes where people sit, think, and stare.Lots of monologues.It takes forever to be rewarded with scenes that include both Harrison Ford and Ryan Gosling.You kind of have to watch both films more than once to really understand it. I readily admit I don't get it all.Tips for parents:Kids may be confused with what's happening and get bored. Watching the movie requires a certain amount of patience.Violence.Some gory, bloody scenes.Full female nudity.Prostitute action.Some profanity.Never saw the original Blade Runner? Click here to get a super cheap Blade Runner DVD!MOVIE REVIEW MOM@trinaboice
50 | This movie has only one, huge problem: the original. It tries to get the very same atmosphere of the original (and some scenes are really similar) and i felt that this weigthed it down. In fact, when it goes free on a new and original direction, it's brilliant. If we don't compare to his unmatchable prequel and we consider 2049 for itself, it's a masterpiece, one of the best movies i've seen in last years. VFS are stunning (it deserves an Oscar, at least for them) and Gosling totally nailed his part : i was sceptical when i read he would have played the main character (he's a fine actor, i simply thought he didn't suit the Blade Runner feeling) but he totally bought me, he added so many little nuances to his role without being a copy of Harrison Ford. I was really worried when i read a sequel to Blade Runner was in production, since i really really love that movie. But 2049 turned out in a fantastic movie and i've been really sad that he was not a box office success.
35 | I felt it surpassed its predecessor by miles. Although in reality the original was pretty basic compared to the more complex story line. There were some slow moments but there was a lot of story to tell to make it pay off more in the end. A must see!
05 | I thought the movie was extremely boring way to long Good to watch if you need a nap
30 | It?s fine but how did this slow a$$ movie get more than a 70% is beyond me.
40 | Visually stunning! Music has you bouncing off your seat.
05 | This is the worst movie I have seen in a long time. It was dark, confusing and a total waste of time. I wish I had my afternoon back.
10 | This movie was loud, slow and boring. I wouldn't even suggest renting it for home viewing. I struggled to stay awake, if not for the loud irritating noise. This was not a Harrison Ford movie, he was briefly in the movie and his role was that of a disoriented old man. He is the reason I went to see the movie.....severely DISAPPOINTED.
50 | An astonishing filmmaking experience with some of the best visuals ever put to screen, mind blowing sound design but also a very surprising amount of heart given to its story and characters. Denis Villenueve has delivered a modern sci fi masterpiece and quite possibly one of the best sequels ever.
05 | This show was awful. The worst three hours.
50 | One of the best Sci-fi movies made.
10 | Dull dull dull, far too long and slow and I snoozed off. Also very depressing if that's what our future children have to look forward to. Visually...yes very clever but.....
35 | Beautiful movie but Hard to live up to the legend. Really wanted to like it but left thinking it was just ?meh?. Probably because it ran 20-30 minutes too long.
45 | I liked it! Seeing the original first was useful. The beauty in the images was not as strong in the second one but still a good movie.
35 | Okay, so it's confusing. I'm still not sure what happened. BUT...what a treat to look at and live in and feel the dismal future, highlighted by stellar performances from everyone, especially Harrison Ford and Ryan Gosling. And for those of you who keep hearing about how long it is? Forget it. There's so much to keep you locked in to the story and visuals, time passes quickly.
40 | Sooo this Movie was epic...This is a Movie. A Movie you gotta see in the cinema and nowhere else. On the biggest screen you could find near you.Because the cinematography in this movie is incredible. Something that I've never seen before. The most amazing wide shoots that you will ever see. If the guy, who did all that doesn't get a oscar nomination for his work in this... I don't know if I could believe in the people anymore.Also how Denis Villeneuve decided to use some characters name in the story was such an unique idea. How this particular characters effected the main character of Ryan Gosling so much, how they made him feel. Plus how he used the main characters at first random in counter with this case that will change his point of view so much through the movie. And you can feel every change of it wth him. Thanks to Ryans amazing acting. And how at the end of the movie everything changes for him after he made peace with the first change of his story.But I also understand why it didn't made as much at the box office as hoped. It is a hard, nearly 3 hour long watch. How my dad spectacularly showed, when I went to the cinema with him. It is a slow burn and if you aren't interested in the topics it touches on it can be hard. Especially because they tell the topics and storys in such a unique way.Definitely though it had at least a faster pace then the first one, especially towards the end.So Imma give Blade Runner 2049 a 4/5.
40 | Capturing the feel and appeal of the original 1982 film (or perhaps the later "Final Cut"), this is one sequel that does not disappoint. Ryan Gosling is suitably cool and affectless as the heir to Harrison Ford's Deckerd (evoking detectives of bygone eras, but notably Delon in Melville's Le Samourai, 1967). He is a new version of the replicant, now built by Jared Leto's Wallace Corporation, a model designed not to lie or to resist orders (supposedly). His territory is the same desolate Los Angeles that we saw in the earlier film, perhaps a bit more burnt out, but with the same enormous animated neon signs and the logos for alternate reality corporations (such as Atari or the CCCP). At home, he has his own A. I. girlfriend (Ana de Armas) who has no corporeal form but seems to have an independent consciousness. As before, the film foreground's the struggle with identity (are they real or not real?) felt by both Gosling's "K" (later Joe, but not Josef) and de Armas' Joi. K recalls memories but feels that they are only implants -- until a politically charged case starts him questioning. The plot slowly starts to come together with a few surprising moments of revelation that I won't spoil but director Denis Villeneuve (and cinematographer Roger Deakins) takes more pleasure in evoking the ethos of Blade Runner slowly and carefully rather than putting flesh on the bare bones plot (co-written by original screenwriter Hampton Fancher, extending Philip K. Dick's source). Still, the themes are there for contemplating, if you like. Seeing this in the theatre, with its massively boosted electronic score and noticeable surround sound effects, likely produced a more visceral impact on me than the home viewer would receive. The occasional fight sequences, particularly with the chief replicant villain played by Sylvia Hoeks, also break the otherwise moody atmosphere. In the end, what we have here is a carefully constructed evocation of the earlier film that manages not to screw it up and which uses the latest in filmmaking techniques to add value to the presentation; highly enjoyable, but let's hope the franchise ends here.
20 | I'm only giving this two stars based on set design and music/score. Other than that, it's way too long (3 hrs), super BORING and really confusing! I like sci-fi, just not this - what a disappointment.
30 | Visually stuning, script not so much
05 | went to see because the ratings seemed good but we ended up sleeping through half of it and if we woke up it was because of the retarded music
25 | ?????? ?????? ????????????, ??????????? ?? ??????????? ?????? , 1 ???? ????? ?? ????? ??????? ??????? ????????? ????????? , ?????? ???????? ??????? ????? ?????? ???????? ????? ??????? ??????????? ?????? ???????? ????????????? ??????? ???????????? ???? ??????? ?????? ??????? ?????? ???? ???? ???? ?????????? ????? ?????? ???????? ????? ????????????? ?????? ?????? ?????????? ????????????? ???????? ??????. overrated as fuck. 1??? ?????? ????????? ????????? ???.
05 | Horrible travesty. Watch West World on TV instead. Philip K. Dick is turning in his grave.
05 | Horrible drawn out movie. My husband fell asleep. Beyond disappointed. The RT rating is absurd and it must be either be bots or ppl getting paid to write great reviews. Don't waste your time and money on this!
35 | Decently entertaining, and a great performance from Ryan Gosling, but ultimately the pacing was too slow to keep me that engaged (especially with an almost 3 hour runtime) 3.5/5
25 | I wish we could see more "original" thoughts in the new movie. Artificial intelligence becoming/evolved to human or is not so original...
30 | before I went to see this I went in expecting a nonstop action thriller and that's not what I got from it yes the ,movie was good and fun to watch but if you want my honesty some parts of it bored me to death I really expected more and better from all the good reviews but I just didn't see it I am not saying skip the movie but I am saying don't over expect
45 | If you're looking for the same old in-your-face-action garbage, move along please! This is a piece of thought-provoking cinematic excellence on par with Kubrick's 2001- A Space Odyssey.
10 | Sorry. This slow moving, violent, depressing and boring movie left me counting the minutes until it finally came to an end, took forever!! Then had to find my way back from overwhelming feelings of hopelessness. Truly hated this movie.
50 | Blade Runner 2049 is another outstanding film by Denis Villeneuve. From the acting, expanding on the story of the original Blade Runner and the incredible visual effects, this is hands down one of the best Sci-fi films to date.
30 | Great special effects and really cool concept that was far too predictable.
30 | nice to look at on screen. but story itself is about 1 hour too long.
50 | It is a spectacular film. Yes the visuals were sublime. But that is not all-Directing excellent, soundtrack haunting and acting top notch. The theme & twisting story line sent me on an Alice in Wonderland journey. A must watch on BIG screen!
50 | If you're going to see this, watch the first movie (Blade Runner 2019) first and you will leave a theater with satisfaction and a big clap for the director and the crews. Bravo! not sure if this is considered a spoiler but.. this movie also left me with a hole in my heart. Just like the character Roy Batty did that ending thing all over again.
15 | boooooooring, And I couldn't follow plot
50 | Everything I wanted it to be, Denis et al -'you've done a man's job sir!' A beautiful movie in every respect. Left the IMAX 3D theatre in a state of shock and it's taken me a couple of days to process what I've seen. If Roger Deakins doesn't get an Oscar for this, there is simply no hope for the Academy. I'm resisting the 'original Blade Runner vs 2049' comparisons other than to say my favourite quote came from Denis Villeneuve himself...''It's the same kind of color palet, but so made by another painter..''. I agree.
50 | Fantastic movie - definitely worth seeing on as big a screen as possible.
25 | Ummmm... I get the point.
50 | Amazingly different but congruent with the original
45 | "Blade Runner 2049 manages to be both an ambitious sci-fi film and a great sequel. I was captivated by it all the way through and it's by far the best film of Denis Villeneuve's career"Movie Review: Blade Runner 2049Date Viewed: October 6 2017Directed By Denis Villeneuve (Incendies, Prisoners, Enemy, Sicario and Arrival)Screenplay By Hampton Fancher and Michael Green, Story By Hampton Fancher, Based on characters from "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" by Philip K. DickStarring: Ryan Gosling, Harrison Ford, Ana de Armas, Sylvia Hoeks, Robin Wright, Carla Juri, Mackenzie Davis, Dave Bautista, Lennie James, David Dastmalchian, Barkhad Abdi, Hiam Abbass, Wood Harris, Jared Leto and Edward James Olmos.When director Ridley Scott's sci-fi noir "Blade Runner" first came out in 1982, critics and audiences were split about it. Some people said that it was a ground-breaking achievement in visual artistry but it's detractors said that it was confusing and too grim for it's own good. I never saw the original cut of "Blade Runner" but I heard that people hated it because of Harrison Ford's annoying narration. When I saw "The Final Cut" for the first time on Blu-Ray, I blown away by it. "Blade Runner" became one of my all-time favorite movies and as of this day, people are still trying to figure out if Rick Deckard is a replicant. If you were hoping to find the answers in "Blade Runner 2049", you will likely be disappointed.Denis Villeneuve's film is not only just as visually striking and emotionally compelling as it's predecessor, it also expands on it's ideas and futuristic world that made the first "Blade Runner" an instant sci-fi classic. Yes, it's futuristic look at Los Angeles might be bleak but it's also beautifully shot by the great cinematographer Roger Deakins. "Blade Runner 2049" might be very long (2 hours and 43 minutes) but I was captivated by it and this is by far the best film of Denis Villeneuve's career.I will try my best not to spoil any details about "2049" because people have been waiting for this sequel for so long and they want to know if it's any good. Does it live up to the original? Yes it does. Set thirty years after the first film, we now follow a new replicant "blade runner" named K (Ryan Gosling), his job is to hunt down and retire rogue older model replicants who have since gone into hiding.K lives in an apartment with his holographic girlfriend named Joi (Ana de Armas). She's an artificial intelligence product of the Wallace Corporation which is run by tycoon inventor Niander Wallace (Jared Leto). Wallace has created replicants who are more subservient and strong than their pre-2019 predecessors from the Tyrell Corporation and he wants all the older models eliminated including former LAPD blade runner Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) who has been missing since the events of the first film. When K hunts down and kills a rogue replicant (Dave Bautista), he discovers a buried box. Forensic analysis reveals that the box contains remains of a female replicant who died of complications from an emergency caesarean section.K wants to find out more about the mystery he uncovered but his superior Lt. Joshi (Robin Wright) wants him to destroy all evidence related to the case and retire the dead female replicant's child. K's investigation leads him into finding Rick Deckard who now lives in an isolated mansion in the ruins of Las Vegas. The interplay between Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford is one of the best aspects of "Blade Runner 2049" and they both give terrific performances. Roger Deakins has to take home the Best Cinematography Oscar next year because his futuristic photography is so breathtakingly gorgeous. He has been nominated for cinematography 13 times already and he has never won, don't you think it's time for you Academy voters to finally give Mr. Deakins his damn Oscar!The production design is also crafted very well, the editing by Joe Walker (12 Years a Slave, Arrival and Sicario) is efficient, the visual effects are of course amazing and spectacular and the screenplay by Michael Green (Green Lantern, Logan and Alien: Covenant) and Hampton Fancher (Blade Runner, The Mighty Quinn and The Minus Man) brilliantly keeps the tone of "2049" very serious. The supporting cast is also superb, Ana de Armas gives a star-making performance as K's holographic girlfriend, Sylvia Hoeks is a pure standout as Luv, Wallace's steely-eyed henchwoman and Jared Leto makes for an interesting antagonist. Edward James Olmos also makes an appearance reprising his role as Gaff who we see complete one last origami figure."Blade Runner 2049" is a film that must be seen on the biggest screen you can find in your local theater. If you don't have IMAX in your city or town, that's a shame because you don't know what your missing. While the original "Blade Runner" had brilliantly powerful ideas, themes and visions, "2049" further expands them in a way that's both universal and extraordinary. This is a big-budget sequel that respects your intelligence and your time. "Blade Runner 2049" manages to be both an ambitious sci-fi film and a great sequel.
10 | I really do not get this movie. I do not understand the high rating. The movie was 2 hours and 57 minutes of boredom. I'm just posting this for anyone who may see the high rating and go just as I did. Save your time, save your money, and please go see something else. I have MoviePass so I got in for free and I still didn't get my money's worth.
30 | Good cinematography but a very tiring plot and Ryan Gosling underperforming didn't really help me get a good emotional connection with the character
45 | Very entertaining, if not a bit long
40 | Really good, a realistic outlook to our future , worth watching
25 | a major disappointment
10 | Huh? Story was slow and confusing. Or I'm slow and confused. Scenery was great, but i could go to a home show for that.
40 | Great visuals, amazing score!
50 | Breathtaking graphics mixed with the grand cinematography and the fantastic writing leads to another dive into the mysterious world of Blade Runner.
05 | By far the worst film i have ever seen its over 2 and a half hours long and NOTHING happens the whole time!
40 | Good but had so much unnecessary sexual content that brought the movie down due to the complete randomness of it. All else was perfect. I loved the story line and everything about this movie. Really enjoyed it.
45 | You definitely need to have seen the first film, my daughter hadn?t and was confused by story line, but absolutely epic. Loved it
45 | You definitely need to have seen the first film, my daughter hadn?t and was confused by story line, but absolutely epic. Loved it
40 | Keeps the feel style and universe of blade runner. Main theme is good and overall delivery is excellent, but the company Wallace etc are all a little light and thin
50 | Hype as fuck love it
35 | Bladerunner 2049 is a really good movie. I liked it a lot. I wish I could say I loved it. However, despite a really powerful story, decadent visuals, and perfect sound- the casting was mostly a miss for me. Ryan Gosling is aggressively boring. And for a future where humanity speaks a mixture of english and chinese, there is a noticeable lack of diversity. Honestly, I think even the original had more people of color. It's a distracting omission.
30 | Better than the first
30 | ***REPLICANTS AIN'T SINGIN' ON LA LA LAND'S FREEWAY OVERPASSES, YET. STAY TUNED***
45 | Amazing, would've been a five if they had cut out a handful of superfluous characters. Super tight art direction and sound design. This easily blends into the world of the original.
45 | Engrossing visually and sonically, rooting for the underdogs. Always wondering, How did it all get so bleak? Any way out of this dystopia?
45 | First 2 acts are perfect, 3rd has some flaws despite a gutsy plot twists, but the awe-inspiring visuals and haunting score alone are worth the effort. Villaneuve and Gosling are among the very best in the game right now, the actress who plays Luv is a scene stealer.
45 | Getting caught up on my reviews. This is one of my favorites movies this year. I liked the pace, even though many will find it very slow. Cinematography was amazing. Its always great to stare at Gosling, plus he can act. I did find Leto's character not necessary and his monologue felt endless. Was a good time at teh movies with this one. Even through it was almost 3 hours, it did not feel it. We saw it in Dolby with vibrating seats. It got old fast.
45 | Blade Runner: 2049 is a fantastic film that does fans of the oringinal justice also while giving audiences new the lore a great ride. The sound design with its music with HEAVY synths and fog horns that were so loud cups would start shaking in the theater, it was extremely immersive. Another great part of the sound design was the guns and punches having great impactful sounds (espically the guns) The special effects are the some of the best ive ever seen in a movie and I think the effects will land the movie with an oscar. Another great aspect is the use of color and the eyes. In the movie you can identify almost all of the characters just by the color of their eyes. Ryan Gosling's performance was spectacular, he plays this replicant character perfectly and the way he showed his emotions only with his eyebrows and his mouth rarely ever moved for emotion was a great touch. Hell the entire cast was great at playing their roles. The only complaint I have is the use of nudity in some scenes never made complete sense to me especially with the hologram near the end. If you have some insight to the use of these scenes please tell me! P.S. I NEED to know what happened to the dog.
10 | Very Boring! Effects were horrible! It was very long which is great for a good movie, not so for a Bad movie! Wait for rental if you feel you must see it!!!
10 | It's an awful movie that attempts to be deep and philosophical but has about the depth of a teaspoon. It's nothing like the original Blade Runner and drags out every moment it can with long, awkward pauses and scenes that seem to have no value. It's disjointed and the rantings of Mr. Wallace are just stupid, as if they were written by someone who wants people to think they've read literally any part of the Bible but hasn't.I can't recommend not seeing this film enough.
25 | All style, no substance.
40 | movie way tooo sloooowwwww!!!!!
10 | put me to sleep. overhyped.
50 | This film is a brilliantly conceived and realised extension of the sublime original. Slow moving? Well if you want ray guns/aliens/action (you know - the utter bollocks sci fi crap) go and watch something else. However, if you are interested in what it means to be alive, to form relationships, to have children, to dare to hope and dream in the face of a cruel, random and mendacious world, to marvel at the drive to have a sense of meaning, to walk out of the cinema having had your 3rd eye wiped clean; to see something that chips away at your senses dulled by received opinion and conformity then go and see this incredible work of art, because that is what the best art does for you
30 | While the theatrical release suffered from being edited too short, making it choppy and confusing, 2049 suffers from the opposite problem. Scenes are too long, leading to a loss of tension. Trying to use an increase in volume to create tension, fails. Hopefully the DVD release will fix it.
30 | Hmm...very pretty. But this sequel wasn't entirely necessary. My biggest complaint was how common place replicants had become. They were everywhere, even working for the police as Blade Runners. In the original, they were escapees from off-world mines. The memory implant plot line was a good device, but it doesn't sustain the entire movie. Sadly there is nothing in this film which compares to the philosophical ramblings of Rutger Hauer as he's beating the crap out of Harrison Ford. Too bad to, because I like Denis Villeneuve's other work. I'll just pretend this didn't happen and wait for his next film.
50 | A Classy Masterpiece!!!
10 | This was a ridiculous movie :( wasted my time and money.... I cant believe that people rated this movie, I Give it NO STARS if this App would allow me to.
30 | In my review for the original 1982 Blade Runner, I had said that it was truly bizarre and I didn't understand why it had garnered such a respectable reputation. 5 years later, it may be due for a revisit. The mistake I made in approaching it's sequel, Blade Runner 2049 was that of not rewatching the original prior to seeing it. With that being said, I wonder how much of a difference it would have made... the title card in the very beginning briefly explains the plot involving Replicants, an artificially intelligent humanoid capable of great and terrible things. Their numbers grow exponentially, and at the beginning of Blade Runner 2049, it appears that not only are their multiple models of the Replicants, they've also seemingly outnumbered the humans. Even with this preliminary description, it wasn't enough to prepare me for what followed; an intelligent plot, but also one that is extremely convoluted. The story moves along so slowly over the course of it's 2 hour and 45 minute running time that I began to doze off in the first act, and that's a rarity. This was clearly made for fans of the original movie. Ryan Gosling is good in the lead as a newer Replicant detective, but the robotic restrictions of the character don't give him much space to flex his acting muscles. Harrison Ford returns from the original, doing a decent job as well. This is a Denis Villeneuve movie (director of Prisoners, Sicario, and Arrival), so I knew it was a guarantee there would be something positive about it. What Blade Runner 2049 does so well, and what makes it worth the price of admission is it's jaw dropping visuals, it's booming soundtrack, and scarce but intense violence. Gosling's character's holographic artificial wife looks phenomenal and interacts with the physical world with a mind bending but sharp awareness for genuine physics. The neon lights and flying cars practically breathe off of the screen, despite having seen it in 2D (do people even see 3D movies anymore?). Hans Zimmer's soundtrack echoes similarities with Daft Punk's Tron Legacy soundtrack, so it sounds amazing in the theater. 2049 is essentially a one-and-done deal for me; if you are going to see it at all, it has to be seen in a theater. I understand that the producers allowed Villeneuve to release his own cut, which I think was a mistake and is likely the biggest reason it did so poorly at the box office. Audiences are not used to movies like this; frankly that includes myself. However, I know there are people out there who deeply appreciate a story like this, and hopefully you're one of them.
50 | Really kept the same feel of the original movie without being a copy
50 | Spectacular film! Totally original with faithful nods to its predecessor. There is some really inventive film making here with completely new CGI. Unique sets are otherworldly but totally make contextual and geographical sense. Love love love that the director included French Canadians. (How often do we get to see them in an English film?) Every minute of this film is necessary, nothing is wasted.
05 | I left the theatre before movie ended.
50 | This is quite simply a masterpiece. The visuals are stunning the acting is great the scor is amazing and the story will stay with you for a long time afterward. I urge you to gee see it at the cinema or at least rent on blu ray or stream it on Netflix or amazon as it is absolutely phonemonal
50 | Just go and see this movie!
50 | This is what modern cinema needs. More effort on the story and cinematography and less on the action scenes. This film is possibly better than the original.
40 | Great moving and pacing. The actors are at their peak in the film. Don?t really need to see the first to understand 2049 but I think it helps. I wasn?t phased by the run time.
10 | long and boring, wait on this one. the rotten tomatoes ratings in the 80s misled me into this movie. What a lie this rating is!!
50 | A visually stunning, thoughtful, poetic, character based drama.
45 | Pretty good movie, a little slow at times,
40 | Once, in a prior review, I posited the question of whether or not any of these endless streams of remakes, reboots, and sequels could actually stand alone on their own merits, without the benefit of any well-established franchise behind them. In an era where Hollywood has become allergic to new ideas and new stories, we often find ourselves in the position of having to constantly to compare what would otherwise be "new" work to the ever sacrosanct "original."The problem with this attitude is that sooner or later we fail to distinguish what are genuine attempts to expand upon a truly compelling narrative from the mass of rehashed cash grabs.Being a devotee of Ridley Scott, I could hardly trust my own judgement in this matter, not without a second opinion, so I took the expedient of having two unbiased observers with me who had never seen the 1982 film, which is still considered one of the greatest science fiction films ever made. Indeed, one of the best films ever made, period.2049 is indeed impressive, both as an expansion and in its own rights.For one it has a really good story with some truly memorable characters, not least of which is Ryan Goslings KD6.3-7 or "K" for short, a bland-faced hunter-killer tasked with running down old model replicants across a rain-soaked dystopian future-scape. Society has degraded even further than what was presented in the original film: the mass of slaves, replicant and human, paid and unpaid, forced to eke out a substance in service to a small priesthood of god-king CEOs living in isolation atop pyramid sky-scapers. There is no escape from this world in the physical sense; the entirety of the earth has become a dead-land of worm farms and scrap heaps, while the living cities are little more than leviathan concrete tenements whose holographic, neon Christmas lights can no longer conceal the rot and ugliness beneath it.Director Villeneuve is lucky in that he has Roger Deakins, one of best and most under-stated cinematographers working in Hollywood today on his team to bring this world alive.Probably the most impressive feat of 2049 is that it can be watched without any reference at all to the original, the observers I had with thought it was one of the best sci-fi films they had ever seen; indeed, I would recommend to anyone new to the series that they watch 2049 first. A good noir relies on mystery, and 2049 builds it's mystery in way that is probably even more alluring to those who don't have a the full backstory, while containing just enough twists for those who do to prevent the plot from becoming too predictable.Even Harrison Ford, for whom this film could have been just another stop on his Great Remake Tour is in so many ways just another "person of interest" in K's path; a bitter old man living in the ruins of sand-swept hotel who offers little more than cryptic breadcrumbs and sour observations on life between sips of whiskey. (Next stop, Lancaster, Pennsylvania for the exciting conclusion of Witness),2049 at times seems a film that is self-aware of its legacy, not in the sense of some obscure fan canon known only to the initiated, but rather its place in cinema history. It's not looking to re-create the wonder that the original inspired; instead what it aims to accomplish is to take all the lessons learned by directors over the past 35 years and apply them in a way that is as groundbreaking in our time as the original was in its own. In that sense, 2049 succeeds at times, though it is not without it share of pitfalls or unnecessary CGI cameos a la Star Wars (gee, I wonder WHOSE idea that was). Indeed, the film's only cinema sin is in that one brief scene where it stumbles into blatant computer-generated fan service. Otherwise it would have been near perfect.Yet even where the film doesn't break new ground, it still resonates with the same verve as the 1982 film, which is hardly a bad thing.
30 | Progressed too slowly for me but otherwise a decent movie.
40 | The length of 2.75 hours is ridiculous with scenes that could have easily been slashed. I am glad I saw it on a quality screen with great special effects. As with a lot of fantasy movies, this has a journey format. But the journey was a lot of fun and suspenseful. This movie is not for those who love romantic comedies or those in need of a nap.
15 | Forrest Gump's girlfriend Robin Wright is scary here because she's musculine as fcuk, A guy next to me in the cinema fast asleep watching this film. Absolute snore fest. Props for Gossling character being a virgin at 30.Anyway, a massive androic jawn.
40 | It's the subtleties of this film that provide the depth needed to complete this work of art. What begins as awkwardly shaped puzzle pieces, delicately forms into a mesmerizing and tightly-fitting puzzle. The direction is inspirational, and the sets add a certain omonous feel, that the audience can't manage to shake until the 164 minutes of footage come to an end. A beautifully crafted film that finds meaning in what is supposed to be a soulless world in the year 2049.
10 | So long and so slow. Checked my watch 5 times.
45 | I first saw the original Blade Runner on TV late at night in the early 90s and I absolutely fell in love with it. It still stands as my all time favorite film regardless of genre. I have been anticipating Blade Runner 2049, but I have done so with trepidation. Thankfully for fans of the Blade Runner universe this move didn't try to duplicate the first. It does not completely stand on it's own and movie goers are better served by watching the original. The visuals, sounds and music are above reproach. The story is good, but it does require some knowledge of the first movie and a tendency to enjoy science fiction, futurism or analyzing movies scenes, plots and ideas for days, months or years. This is not a movie that any scifi fan should skip while in the theater. This is not a movie for any film aficionado to miss while in the theater. This is not a movie for people take casual as it deserves to be scene, heard, watched, discussed and understood. GO SEE THIS MOVIE AT THE IMAX BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!!!
50 | A visual masterpiece accompanied by Hans Zimmer brilliant score. Denis Villeneuve delivers again with this compelling story with outstanding acting from the talented cast. This is one of those films that will go on to inspire people to get into cinema. From visual effects, soundtrack, and story, Blade Runner 2049 solidifies itself as one of the best films of the year. 5/5
50 | better than the original, go in expecting an art film, not a sci Fi film
45 | A technical masterpiece.The editing, sound design, production design, visual effects, music, and ESPECIALLY Denis Villeneuve's direction and Roger Deakin's cinematography are all on point.The make-up artists, costume designers and cast all rose to the challenge as well and all delivered equally impressive work.Is it as strong on a storytelling level as it is on a technical level? No.However, the characters and story are still fascinating all around and this universe has even been expanded upon in several unique and interesting ways that had me thouroghly entranced by the experience.There might not be a "Tears in the Rain" moment that gives this film the same emotional punch as the original...But... we still have, at the end of the day, a gorgeous work of art that further explores the intriguing and meaningful questions that were originally posed to us from the original:What does it mean to be human?Where are we going?Who are we?What are we capable of being?Any piece of media that looks this good and isn't in any way superficial but is instead brimming with meaning and is able to spark real discussion, I feel comfortable calling a work of art.
45 | This film is a worthy sequel to the original and, as such, deserved better reviews from so called film critics. I remain convinced that most alleged movie critics do not understand, much less appreciate, the genre.
10 | What is everyone smoking on here!?? this movie was not only LONG as heck but absolutely TERRIBLE. Super slow, barely any action, the list goes on and on....
40 | A very fascinating view of what the future might hold!
50 | Don't miss out! one of my favorite science fiction movies of all time
35 | Yes it was really slow and kinda empty outside of the original. Not sure how it has such high RT score. But it must be a self selecting audience. Def not a global appeal. It looked great though but when it takes you 3 hours to tell the story in one sitting it just wears on the viewer.
30 | Photograph is stunning but the story is kind of slow movie to be honest, it can get a little bit boring in some parts
10 | Gave it one star simply because the current 8.2 rating is obscene for this mediocre movie. Script and acting was sub-par; even the visuals of the original movie was better than BL 2049.
05 | OH MY GOD, how did people enjoy this film??? It was a dramatic mess. Where was the revolution?
25 | The visuals are fantastic but this overlong film takes its pace really serious, and it's in a boring way. I couldn't even pay much attention to the story.
40 | Blade Runner 2049 is much inferior to the original when it comes to deep emotion and rich themes, but when it comes to storytelling, characterization and especially technical aspects it is much better than the first film. What it lacks in truly memorable scenes and thought-provoking ideas, it more than compensates with superb performances from Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford, very strong characters with a kickass female villain and great atmosphere and sound design. It also has such an admirable twist that basically deconstructed one of the biggest genre clichés. It is not a science fiction classic, but it is a work of art as evidenced by amazing cinematography, such competent direction, high fashion, fun technology and absolutely outstanding set design. In the end, I prefer it over the original, but it is still an overly praised film which is consistently good and engaging despite its long runtime, but rarely truly great.
05 | worst movie I've seen in years. Absolute snore fest. There is more action watching paint dry.
20 | Imágenes preciosas, sonido intenso, personajes interesantes... quería que me gustara, pero la historia es muy simple, y la película es demasiado larga para contar tan poca cosa. Se me ha hecho extremadamente larga y aburrida. Si hubiese durado mínimo una hora menos habría estado muchísimo mejor.
15 | Too long, too slow and difficult to follow
40 | Admittedly, some scenes are longer than they should be, but it still manages to live up to and even be better than its predecessor.
50 | Captivating from start to finish - the score, the acting, the plot, the visual effects...just everything.
50 | I personally think this might have topped the first one. sure the first one was a philosophical masterpiece but it wasn't considered that until after it bombed the box office and received mediocre reviews, and then became a cult film. on the other hand this seems to do the opposite but not in a bad way.
45 | The release of Blade Runner in 1982 was groundbreaking in the sci-fi genre. Director Ridley Scott and star Harrison Ford presented a dark and bleak story set in 2019 about an artificial intelligence species and the cops that were tasked to destroy them. Thirty years have passed since the events of the first movie, and the future is still grim in California in 2049. The bioengineered humans known as replicants have nearly been destroyed and the few remaining have gone into hiding by completely integrating themselves into society. There are only a handful of Blade Runners, who are special members of the LAPD, specifically tasked with "retiring" these replicants. Ryan Gosling stars as K, one of the remaining Blade Runners who finds a box of bones and hair belonging to a highly sought after replicant. During the investigation into the bones, it's determined that the replicant was pregnant shifting what was known about them. He is ordered by his superior to track down and retire the child as no trace of this news can get out. His investigation into this child has him tracking down Rick Deckard (Ford), an old retired Blade Runner who has since gone into hiding. They're not alone as news about this child leaks and K and Deckard find themselves targets to be hunted down. It becomes a spiritual and emotional journey for K to rediscover his past and understand what he holds to be true of the present.By now, you can find all sorts of spoiler-heavy reviews going into great length about the film's plot and the secrets that get unraveled. The studio gave strict instructions to critics, so I am going to uphold those. Blade Runner 2049 works best if you go in knowing as little as possible. You don't have to have seen the first one to understand what's going on here. There is some brief set-up at the beginning with the standard text scroll explaining the replicants, blade runners, and what happened to the Tyrell Corporation to get you back into the universe. In the age of reboots and revivals, 2049 is actually a sequel as opposed to a cheap remake with new actors playing roles previously played by Harrison Ford, Sean Young, and Rutger Hauer. Much like the new iteration of Twin Peaks, 2049 keeps it within the universe of the original, but takes it in a new direction without relying on the nostalgia factor too hard. For a movie that's all about the future, it's imperative to feel fresh and original and not a carbon copy of what's come before.What has been running through me after seeing Blade Runner 2049 is not the plot or the acting. I'll get to those soon. It's the striking visuals at hand exquisitely captured by cinematographer Roger Deakins. The 13-time Oscar nominee, who previously worked with director Denis Villeneuve on Prisoners and Sicario, has proven he is at the top of his game. The color palettes are so striking and sharp as he makes impeccable use out of lighting and shadow effects. I would often miss dialogue as I was so taken by all of the tones and textures used. When a great cinematographer can capture a mood or atmosphere so intently that you could turn the audio off and understand the story, it's a job well done. Deakins does all of that here to capture the futile stay of California. His work is easily complimented by Hans Zimmer's (Dunkirk, The Dark Knight) haunting score.Don't expect a whiz-bang fast pace throughout the movie. We're so conditioned to have action and sci-fi films go at rapid speed to keep our attention. Villeneuve is more concerned with the storytelling here in terms of Agent K. There are times where it slows down more of a meditative state as we move through the story at the rate of Gosling's character. For a movie at two hours and forty-five minutes, you do start to feel the clock tick. Don't let that deter you from seeing it. It almost forces you to pay attention as the road it goes down for K gives you plenty to contemplate. As a viewer, I never felt ahead of Agent K thanks to Gosling's performance. He drops the charm and charisma we're used to for a completely subtle take on a character that is so internally divided.While this is very much Gosling's movie, he is joined by returning favorites and new heavy hitters. The film's first moment of levity comes with the entrance of Harrison Ford reprising his role of Rick Deckard. I don't think I'm giving too much away by stating that it's a supporting role this time around. Ford gives him that roguish sense of humor in an already extremely bleak movie. Jared Leto is the film's key villain as Niander Wallace. He's a blind corporate head and allows Leto to channel his inner Hal 9000 from 2001: A Space Odyssey. The last key player worth noting is Robin Wright (House of Cards) as Agent K's superior in the LAPD. It's great to see this role given to an actress with such dynamic power behind her as opposed to casting a male actor in the role. The downside with this character is that even in the year 2049 we have rampant police corruption and cover-up at hand.If the original was groundbreaking for the sci-fi genre in 1982, then this film attempts the push to new heights for the genre in 2017. The special effects never feel cheapened by CGI. Villenueve and Deakins have created a fairly tangible reality given the circumstances at hand. There were times where it felt akin to the desert wasteland of Mad Max Fury Road. The concepts may be lofty, and Villenueve rightly asks a lot out of the audience. He isn't one for laid back mindless entertainment. It's a film worth exploring upon multiple viewings leading you down a variety of mental rabbit holes. I admittedly couldn't take everything in on my initial watch, but these new discoveries are something to look forward to when I see it again.Is It Worth Your Trip to the Movies? Blade Runner 2049 is a visual feast for the eyes that demands to be seen in theaters.RATING: 4.5 out of 5 TICKET STUBS
40 | A Slow Burn Molasses Of Sci-Fi & Grimey Crime. Exploring The Yearning Within (Some, Not All) Humans Search For Absolutely Perfection Thru Connection. The Colours & Sound (In Particular The Homages To Vangellis) Are Beautifully, Masterfully Done, & Not Too Over-Powering. The Story Has Tangents & Eddys's That Create A few Thought Pieces To Which I'm Sure Some Film-Noir Schools Of Reflection Could Spend Hours Upon In Review.
None | To find out if Deckard is, himself, a replicant. Must see.
50 | Amazing movie. Great follows up to the original.
40 | A surprisingly thoughtful and absorbing continuation of the 1980's SCI/FI cult classic. The effects are flawless and the film is like a hypnotic nightmare that you can't stop watching. Ryan Gosling continues his winning streak and its nice to have Harrison Ford reprising his role.
30 | TL;DR - Unpopular Opinion : I really enjoyed it until Harrison Ford showed up.SPOILERI was looking forward to this film for a long time. It's shot beautifully, and began with the same sense of intrigue as the original (maybe moreso). Gosling played his usual narrow range self, and was surrounded by scores of shallow and secondary female characters throughout, who mostly existed forT-n'-A purposes. Yep. Lots of tits, tears, and white people. LA in just about 30 years. Almost all white..really? LOL.Immediately following Dekker's appearance, the writing took a nosedive into ham-fisted buddy movie territory complete w/ cliche' dialog. And if that weren't enough, it 18 wheel jackknifed even further, headlong into Matrix sequel territory (hey kids, we're building a revolution! Join us!). Maybe we'll even call the next one "Blade Runner Revolutions" ð?¤¢For about a minute I was expecting a dance number complete w a hot topic inspired fetish club scene and KMFDM blasting some song whose chorus rhymes with the band's name.The first 3/4 were flawed, but actually pretty damn enjoyable. And as I stated previously, beautiful to behold. The last quarter made me feel dirty. Not in a good way. In a I just agreed to drink 20 quarts of Chrystal Lite and then enthusiastically promote it's virtues as a health tonic to the elderly kinda way.
50 | From its somber opening, to its dramatic finale, the snowballer narrative employed in Blade Runner 2049 works incredibly well for the detective-investigative tropes of the film's story, which is paced incredibly well, and deeply respects the audience's ability to engage and sympathise with the characters through a lack of corny exposition and an emphasis on unique, stylistic visual storytelling often absent from big-budget science fiction films.Like its iconic predecessor, Blade Runner 2049 is an arthouse film at heart, and probably the most beautiful realisation of thematic disposition in cinematic history. The film's faithfulness to its predecessor, and its own paintings of humanity, identity, and the often blurred lines in between, continue the Blade Runner universe's question of what it means to be human. Like how replicants can be seen as more human than human, the artistic success of 2049 will have long-time fans seeing it as more Blade Runner than Blade Runner.
45 | One of the few sequels I have seen that was just as good of not better than the original.
10 | Boring, depressing, and very anti-climatic. It just flatlined with few signs of life but ultimately crashed and burned. The ending was disappointing and sort of like a who cares outcome.. terrible.
40 | I am a Blade Runner fan, and class the original as probably one of my all time favourite flix. I was leery of gosling in the ain role, but thought him unemotionally excellent. The movie is long. I went and watched it by myselfLate at night. Theater was empty. I was completely satisfied by the movie, and I left thinking that was possibly the intent of the filmmaker. The scenery, soundtrack, the characters all payin homage to the original classic. I can see how people would hate it and be bored. For those who loved the original, it was the overflowing cup of slow intense mood we craved. A fabulous waste of nearly 3 hours of my life. I wish I had ended with "time - to die". I honestly would have clapped. Loved the sound track. Ford did a good cover of his original declare. Gosling was excellent considering I am not a fan. Great movie. Doubt I will. Watch it as much as I did the original, but a perfect fans sequel, I thought.
05 | The beauty of this movie distracts from the fact that nearly all of its female characters are completely flat and defined by their relationship to the male protagonists, the exception being the one autonomous, two-dimensional female character who is successful in internalizing toxic masculinity. The AI character would have been a fascinating thought experiment into relationships with manufactured selves, had she been anything other than merely what she was designed to be: everything her owner wanted, to the bitter end. (Not to mention that this "personalized" fulfillment of romantic and sexual desire looked the same for everyone?) Other than that, the movie was distinctively narratively dissatisfactory; just felt like it kept going on forever, and I kept hoping for a comeback that never came. The plot was both unnecessarily convoluted yet simultaneously painfully explicit when it wants to shove a plot point down your throat. But maybe the worst was the arch villain; more one dimensional than any of the female characters and terrible acting to boot. There are good moments in this movie that are betrayed by its ultimately flat and nonsensical conclusion.
50 | As the first Blade Runner left a lot of stones unturned, we come back to the story in the most transgressive way, expanding the universe and the themes while piercing the core of influence it has covered over the decades. Harrison Ford returns and feels at home in this sci-fi world, and the top notch acting from new faces such as Ryan Gosling and Jared Leto bring us out of the frying pan and into the fire. Denis Villeneuve once again seeks the fine line between the flash and the thinking man, with the visuals at the forefront and the story in the back of your mind.
05 | Trash movie. Cinematography and art direction were beautiful, but otherwise it's a piece of misogynistic toxic trash that has none of the surrealism or mystery of the original.
05 | Im literally and not just saying this , im on my 4th time trying to watch this, id like to see how it ends but I keep falling asleep in the junkyard! This movie is the equivelent of a very very slow root canal or taking a bottle of sleeping pills. If your looking for edge of your seat action , Blade Runner 2049 IS NOT IT. Im pretty good at picking decent movies id give this movie a 2 or 3 at best
35 | Wouldve been my top 10 of all time if only it was shorter by 40 minutes.
50 | Loved it! The entire theater was dead silent the entire movie, we were all transfixed. Didn't hear a single negative comment after it ended either.
30 | Long movie, visually stunning. Hoped it would be better but i can see how some enjoyed it
45 | Excellent movie. Much better than I thought; Ryan Gosling very good.. Need to say Harrison Ford only toward the end and very good in what he played, really. Very deliberate movie, which may tend to indicate too long for some people.
30 | ok personally I don't see the big hype about this movie myself I went to see it and I did enjoy it but its not some big master piece like everyone says its a good action movie but that's about it a few good action moments otherwise a slow moving movie that was entirely too long for my taste and the slow spots didn't help much but I do say get some snacks and see the movie
None | Just watched the movie and it was as good as the 1st! The cinematography was as inspiring as it was cold and darker than the original. The music matched the harshness the dystopian theme. If you saw the original and loved it, you will love this one just as much!
50 | Really good. Didn't feel as long as it is. Amazing cinematography. Kudos to Denis
05 | This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It lacked all the normal storytelling requirements. There was no story development or character development to give viewers a reason t care. This is an example of left coast Hollywood trying to call crap art genius and saying those who don't get it lack something. Well I call this the emperor has no clothes. The depressing scenery makes no sense and seems to be a bad replica of other bad s I go movies where it seems humanity has fallen apart but this movie makes no case for that having happened or why Harrison ford is living alone in Las Vegas which is a wasteland except for his casino home? Wtf. This is a refund I wish I could get and time I will forever miss
40 | Visually, "Blade Runner 2049" is an exceptionally impressive piece of filmmaking. I think for the visuals alone you should seek out seeing this movie in some sort of enhanced format. I thought Ryan Gosling does a great job in the leading role in this movie and all of the other performances are also good. Like its predecessor, the film raises many moral questions in a sci-fi setting and I found it fascinating. Also, like the first movie, this movie suffers from extended periods of very slow moments. Some of these slow moments are still very interesting but I did feel some of them dragged.  Regardless, the film leads up to an intense and engaging final act. I personally found the original "Blade Runner" to be impressive for its time but overall an okay movie. If you're a bigger fan of the first than me, you'll probably love this sequel. As for me, I think it is a thought-provoking, well-made, and visually stunning movie that is well worth seeing.
05 | Horrible. Just horrible.
25 | I did not like this movie as much as I had hoped I would. The deafening soundtrack actually made me nauseous and I thought it contributed little to the story other than really loud noise. The performances were good and I liked the nostalgic aspects of the film, but I am not a big fan of "cinema obecura". The storyline seemed to go out of its way to be ambiguous when it should have been crystal clear. As for the editing, I frequently got the feeling I had accidentally wandered into a Stanley Kubrick movie. Some of scenes lingered far too long, giving the pace of this long film a very heavy-lidded feeling. I recommend watching it on cable.
40 | Solid but ultimately less philosophical film that didn't add much to the Blade Runner universes.
45 | For me, the "Blade Runner, 2049" was the most anticipated film of the year. Ditched the pair for first in session and in view I can say that the expectations are justified. We have the same old Blade Runner - the philosophy in the cyberpunk world of the future, which is accompanied by gorgeous visuals, sincavage sound and neon signs.As a sequel, the tape looks incredibly well from the first minute it is visible that the project was a true fan of the original film. The atmosphere absorbs the head, the events stretch smoothly and slowly, which is a characteristic feature of the series and for many it is a minus (but not me). Despite the close relationship with the original, tape Villeneuve is sure to surprise and show something new. Almost completely disappeared aesthetics of film Noir, and instead proposed increased portion of action and a greater variety of locations, introduces viewers to the world of the future outside of big cities.Speaking about the actors and their characters I would like to highlight Dave Batista, which was very little, but in such a short amount of screen time he managed to create a memorable and interesting way, the background which can be seen in the short prequel to "2048: Nowhere to run", filmed by Luke Scott. Also for a small fraction of the duration in time perfectly to reveal the characters of Jared Leto and Harrison Ford. The latter even in the joint scenes with the main character managed to pull the viewer's attention on himself his endless charisma. The Key Officer in the performance of Ryan Gosling is ambiguous. In General, the role of the canadian classic - Ryan plays silent maloemotsionalny young people with a sad look, and in this film it is also due to the peculiarities of the character.There were, of course, and without the drawbacks. For me, the obvious shortcomings of steel sagging narrative at the end of the first hour timekeeping, small, slow, even compared to the original tape, not until the end of the open arches of the characters (mostly Wallace), as well as the soundtrack. He, of course, good, Hans Zimmer as always on top, but still a new "Running" lacks the charm that gave the tracks by Vangelis, composer of the first part. But none of these minuses can not name at least serious, why the impressions of the paintings remain very positive.Done a great job with the material, the technical side of the film is just beyond praise and deserves at least Oscar nominations for the soundtrack, visual effects and cinematography. A worthy continuation of the classic, which once again proved to everyone that Denis Villeneuve is one of the best directors of our day.
10 | Slow slow slow. Too much gratuitous nudity.
05 | Most terrible movie I've ever seen..
35 | As someone who only found the original Blade Runner to be good (not great) I was somewhat leery about going to see this sequel. The first thing I will say is that this feels like it takes place in the same world as the original. It has gorgeous visuals and it relishes the moments it gets to show them off, so we never arrive instantly at a new location but get to watch long establishing shots of the environment beforehand. Blade Runner 2049 also does its best to emulate a film noir in its tone and the way the story is told, and this one actually has more detective work than the original. The pace of both films is sluggish at best, which kind of plays into the mood of the movie, and I never thought it got particularly boring despite the fact that others in the theater with me were falling asleep.The main story of Blade Runner 2049 is not all that complex or unique. While the original Blade Runner might have been one of the first movies to tackle the idea of manufactured lifeforms questioning their humanity, it?s fairly well-trodden territory at this point. This time there isn?t a lot of ambiguity left for the audience to ponder, unlike the infamous ?Is Deckard a replicant?? debate that has been raging for decades. I didn?t need a lot of existential questions and philosophical issues added into the story, so the fact that the plot was so straightforward worked for me. But it?s not a perfectly structured narrative, because a number of events seem to be coincidental at best, and some of the subplots intrude into the main story awkwardly almost like a pointless distraction.Ryan Gosling is strong in the lead role. I was a little thrown by how he lacked expression through most of the film, but it works for who he is in the story. Robin Wright was superb as the police lieutenant, because she plays against some of the tropes for someone in that role. I don?t know how you could see even one bit of marketing for this movie and not know that Harrison Ford was in it, but that would have been a nice surprise to keep since he does not show up until more than 2 hours into the film. He does some solid acting in his limited time on screen, it?s just a shame they couldn?t get him to put on a piece of wardrobe. Jared Leto is by far the biggest cliche in the movie. He has a couple scenes that serve no purpose other than establishing him as a mustache-twirling Bond villain.Blade Runner 2049 surprised me in the fact that it was such a direct sequel to the original. In some ways this is handled well, because they don?t feel the need to quote ?tears in the rain? or to cheapen some of the more profound moments with one reference after the next. They also did a nice job of including some touches of the Vangelis score without simply reusing it throughout. I just wish this was a choice they made across the board, because they do feel the need to shove in cameos for some of the original characters and even to replay some audio snippets multiple times. It?s not that these things don?t fit in as part of the plot of this movie, but it got to a point where I was starting to think of it as fan service. I certainly can?t imagine people enjoying this without knowing the original.That seems to be how I expect most opinions to line up for Blade Runner 2049. It is a beautiful love letter to a film many people adore, so your enjoyment of this movie should echo your enjoyment of the original. I see the flaws in both, and think of them as decent movies that aren?t quite as good as others in the same genre. The pace is definitely going to be off-putting to some, but there is an intensity to the story that makes it engaging if you stick with it. The mystery led to some nice surprises along the way, although I was annoyed that the director felt the need to over-explain them when they were revealed instead of trusting the audience to understand. I don?t think this is the kind of movie I?ll be seeking out for repeat viewings, but I wouldn?t mind occasionally going back to this world to enjoy the view.
45 | unbelievable the story is really good watch the original than watch this then this one and it will be one of the best stories you heve ever seen. Pretty close to the original I loved the movie if you like movies that make you think this is it.
45 | A most excellent post-apocalyptic noir film, in every aspect. It is really a shame it didn't perform as expected at the box office. In my opinion the best movie of 2017 so far.
50 | Visually overwhelming, Richard Deakins' photography is simply dreamlike, you can feel the dust in the taste. (Please, give the Oscar to this gentleman already)With a majestic soundtrack of Hans Zimmer getting a heavenly atmosphere in a cyberpunk world.Deep characters, androids more human than humans.A script that expands what was initiated by the Blade Runner of 1982 and a brilliant direction of Villeneuve, makes this film to be born, to grow and to die under its own weight, like "tears in rain".An instant masterpiece like its predecessor.Excellent. 10/10
10 | So this is the thing - my friend and I wanted to see a different movie but this One happened to be starting in the time frame we needed. If I had looked at the reviews I still wouldn't have known not to see it. Yuck. It's just not my cup of tea. My friend went to got another drink (do you think I have time to get a drink? sure, I'm pretty certain this song is never going to end...". OK, what did I miss? "I have no idea!")Still not sure why they had to drop the girl out of the plastic bag in the ceiling. Not entirely sure about the office with a water floor, I felt like anything that was visually stunning they had to keep the camera on and play music so they could get their money's worth with how much $$ they put into the set. Arrrg. Everything took so long to get through. I can't believe I didn't think about simply leaving the theater. That probably would've been the wisest thing to do.
25 | This is one of those overhyped movies where the marketing machine makes you beglieve you have to see it because it's amazing. And you end up disappointed. The movie is boring, too long and doesn't make that much sense.And someone is shedding tears literally all the time. Machines, humans, everybody, all the time to the point where it just becomes silly.
50 | Great special effects. Mood altering scenes are plentiful and very effective. Plot is a little difficult to follow at times. Overall good acting.
50 | There are a lot of slow moments in this movie, but the flawless cinematography and the immersive depths of the visuals keep the audience captivated for an impressive amount of time.
50 | Excellent story, well-made soundtrack, an excellent sequel to Blade Runner, in my opinion.
35 | Kind of too slow for me. But it's a movie filled with great ideas of the future world.
40 | I'd seen the first movie a few years ago and I really liked this sequel. For me Ryan did a pretty good action on his character.
10 | I couldn't understand much of the dialog because of the echoic nature of the sound set in rooms with hard surfaces. Lots of long pauses made the movie drag. Eliminate them and the running time would be reduced by 10 minutes. Also, much cigarette smoking, which is a disappointment if we as a society want to reduce the scourge of tobacco use. I walked out 2/3 of the way thru the movie
05 | Never seen the previous Blade Runner movies but this movie started off interesting and fell flat. Nothing happened the entire movie! I was literally begging for it to end.
05 | One of those movies when I feel imprisoned by the cinema and my enthusiastic partner is the prison guard. Really atrocious movie. I felt awful leaving, caused the dim imagery, dreary script, violence and finally my disappointment in the appearance, and then the performance of, Harrison Ford. Not a quality movie. Time lost, now I can move on.
50 | Absolutely phenomenal!!!!
45 | Blade Runner 2049 proves that you can make a great sequel to a movie that didn't need one. 2049 does everything a sequel should do. It showed respect to the original while proving it can exist on its own. Ridley Scott who directed the original Blade Runner allowed Denis Villeneuve (One of the best currently working directors) to direct 2049. After, last years Arrival Villeneuve showed us that he was fully capable of making great a great sci-fi film. With 2049, it shows he can come in and play in someone else' sandbox.When it comes to the performances everyone showed up. The biggest acting surprise for me though was Harrison Ford, who seems to sleep walk through his movies of late. In Blade Runner 2049 though he gives a great performance. While the score in this sequel is not as good as Vangelis' in the original, 2049's score is still great. The greatest thing about this movie though is its cinematography and visual effects. Shot by Roger Deakins, this movie just looks beautiful. Whether it be the city streets with neon lights, the shots in the sky, or the ruins of Las Vegas this movie is masterfully shot.My biggest complaint with this movie though is that it is too long. Almost 3 hours long I felt that they could have shaved 15-20 minutes off of it and still end up with a great product. Though, I never felt bored during it. My other complaint with 2049 is that it never gave us as emotional as a scene like the tears in rain monologue in the original. While there is a fantastic scene in 2049, I just thought it didn't hit all the right notes I would have wanted it to.Still though, I found 2049 to be a great movie and sequel that I never knew we needed. I do think that based on recent box office performance, 2049 will be very similar to the original. A movie that disappointed at the box office but will age incredibly well. 2049 in the end will be ranked as one of the greatest sequels.Final Score: 4.5 out of 5 or 9 out of 10
30 | Run Out of SteamGuess who's back? Again? Harrison Ford, the iconic 1980's film star is back, reprising his Blade Runner act and he is note perfect. If only the rest of the film was as punchy and pointed as Ford's performance.I found the original a beautifully made, well paced except for the visual lapses, and narratively, pretty weak. But why did we know then? We thought Superman looked great and modern. This new film is, literally one hour too long, full of immense vistas of CGI and looks great, Ryan Gosling, the Canadian android, plays an android cop named K something and he brings his usual performance, devoid of humanity to the role. Unlike the previous film, this one has a reasonable plot, with a reasonable plot twist. The trouble is, it takes an eternity to get there.It also has very satisfying action scenes, and innovations of its own, making it imaginative. If it was 1 hour 43 minutes long, this would have been a great film.But it was not. Fighting off the urge to sleep, I kept with it and enjoyed it at least a much as I enjoyed the first movie.But like waiting for a London bus, you wait 35 years and two Harrison Ford reprisals show up almost at once.Oh yeah - it takes a Brit or a Canadian to make LA and America look so bad. Guys, that's what Trump is for - only it's gold plated glamour, not dystopia mustard yellow coloured.
50 | Increíble ambientación, buena historia, buenos personajes sorprendente Ana de Armas y todo aderezado con una banda sonora deliciosa, para repetir.
50 | Después de 35 años tenia un poco de desconfianza pero quede sorprendido por tal obra maestra de ciencia-ficción a cargo del director canadiense Denis Villeneuve y me di cuenta porque este director esta tan bien valorado ya que es el primer film que veo de este cineasta. Me encanto ver como se expandía el universo de Blade Runner mas allá de Los Angeles futurista y cyberpunk. Ryan Gosling que actor por favor y verlo junto a Harrison Ford fue genial, ame a Ana de Armas y el resto del elenco excelente. Lo único que puedo objetar es la demasiada duración de la película ya que es de esos films para un publico selecto pero eso no quita que se pueda disfrutar siempre y cuando se tenga paciencia. Sin dudas este film tiene que estar nominado a mejor película y director en la próxima entrega de los Oscars.
15 | Loved the first one, but did not like this movie at all. Way too melodramatic, with annoyingly loud sounds throughout, that at times make it hard to even hear the actors speaking. Drawn out story that hints at an epic ending, that never happens. None of the characters were interesting enough to even care about, unlike the first one. Visually it was stunning, but over 2 1/2 hours of visuals don't make a story. The entire movie was just monotone and boring.
45 | Watch the original to refresh your memory and help understand the movie.
50 | A true gem of a motion picture.
50 | Well done but is NOT really an action movie. I enjoyed it and even though it is well over 2 hours, it went quickly.
50 | if you can put up with the length, this film has it all;action, mystery, thrills, surprises, intelligence, a love story, a reunion, a heartless corporate overlord. existential debate and nihilistic vs, religious overtones.The cast in this movie owned their roles conveying the gravity of duty and gritty self sacrifice. The cinematography, lighting, sets and sounds are all surreal in ways that echo the familiar. Bravo!
45 | Great visuals and interesting story the only minor complaint is the pacing which can feel needlessly slow at times
50 | One of the best Science Fiction movies ever, if not overall movies I have ever had the pleasure of viewing before my very eyes.
50 | improves on the original and makes it an epic better than Star wars
45 | Though it meanders tiny bit, this is a phenomenal film that is entirely worth your time.
40 | Visually Stunning. If you like Blade Runner (1982) you will probably like Blade Runner 2049. Just like the first film it is more story based. So don't expect nonstop action.
05 | Watching grass grow would have been more entertaining. I get it, I'm an old guy myself and know really decent sci-fi takes time to develop a story as opposed to the current uber fast paced entertainment people crave. However, the scenes were ridiculously and needlessly long, and served no point to advance tired story plot lines. The story could have been cut in half and made much better, though that still would not have resolved the very weak premise, that no one cared about.
45 | This film is on acid. I mean it.Blade Runner 2049 is a chef-d'uvre aka a pure work of art. For a fact I know Denis Villeneuve is a versatile filmmaker and a great writer. This film proved that he is a painter as well. He transformed himself to a painter and crafted this Science Fiction Noir film where you can fully immerse yourself in the year 2049 for nearly 3 hours. I'm still overwhelmed by what I witnessed and I doubt I can express my thoughts using words. I'll try.In 1982, Ridley Scott's Blade Runner emerged as one of the most influential science fiction films of all-time despite the fact that it was financially unsuccessful. Fast-forward 35 years later, we have the modern twin of Blade Runner, the original.What fascinates me is that how Denis Villeneuve managed to eloquently capture the core essence of the original film which made it so authentic and injected it into this film in such a way that you feel like the sequel came out right after its predecessor without waiting for 35 years, if that makes sense. In other words, this film has all the elements that made the original film unique and mysterious.No wonder, just like the predecessor itself, the plot of Blade Runner 2049 is somewhat convoluted to the point you might end up scratching your head several times or more. The best part is that it slowly let itself grow and at the same time, grabs your attention whilst not focusing on action by reminding us of its Noir nature. So, keep that in mind -- if you seek electrifying action then you'd disappoint yourself.Speaking of snatching your attention, this is where the captivating and weird (in a good way) soundtrack comes into play. Architected by Benjamin Wallfisch and Hans Zimmer himself, the Blade Runner 2049 soundtrack is out of the world and plays a major role in magnifying the overall experience to a great extent. It gives off an eerily magical and futuristic vibe which suits the theme of the film and makes it related to the predecessor.The cinematography is gorgeous and you might get carried away as you indulge yourself in its enchanting and alluring visuals that'll make you high by the time the film marks its end. It's amazing when you think of how far we have come. The current technology can do wonders and when you look back, the filmmaking industry has come a long way and this film stands on its own as a worthy successor which makes Ridley Scott's Blade Runner proud.Gripping and bewitching -- Blade Runner 2049 is a visual masterpiece.
40 | Blade Runner 2049 is an achievement for sure. Villeneuve continues to show what an amazing director he is and how visually stunning his movies are. The cinematography and art direction in the movie is perfect. The cast is uniformly great and Gosling in general does great work and is a better and more charismatic lead then Ford was in the first. Frankly on the narrative side, this movie works so much better than the first. This has an A, B, and C unlike the first movie. I was on bored with the movie until the last 20 minutes. I just think it's sort of teeters off and at the end I was left asking, Is that it??? Over all however this a movie that needs to be seen on the big screen, its gorgeous and well made on every level, just don't expect a satisfying ending.
50 | Great movie, watch the shorts before seeing it.
45 | This film is on acid. I mean it.Blade Runner 2049 is a chef-d'uvre aka a pure work of art. For a fact I know Denis Villeneuve is a versatile filmmaker and a great writer. This film proved that he is a painter as well. He transformed himself to a painter and crafted this Science Fiction Noir film where you can fully immerse yourself in the year 2049 for nearly 3 hours. I'm still overwhelmed by what I witnessed and I doubt I can express my thoughts using words. I'll try.In 1982, Ridley Scott's Blade Runner emerged as one of the most influential science fiction films of all-time despite the fact that it was financially unsuccessful. Fast-forward 35 years later, we have the modern twin of Blade Runner, the original.What fascinates me is that how Denis Villeneuve managed to eloquently capture the core essence of the original film which made it so authentic and injected it into this film in such a way that you feel like the sequel came out right after its predecessor without waiting for 35 years, if that makes sense. In other words, this film has all the elements that made the original film unique and mysterious.No wonder, just like the predecessor itself, the plot of Blade Runner 2049 is somewhat convoluted to the point you might end up scratching your head several times or more. The best part is that it slowly let itself grow and at the same time, grabs your attention whilst not focusing on action by reminding us of its Noir nature. So, keep that in mind -- if you seek electrifying action then you'd disappoint yourself.Speaking of snatching your attention, this is where the captivating and weird (in a good way) soundtrack comes into play. Architected by Benjamin Wallfisch and Hans Zimmer himself, the Blade Runner 2049 soundtrack is out of the world and plays a major role in magnifying the overall experience to a great extent. It gives off an eerily magical and futuristic vibe which suits the theme of the film and makes it related to the predecessor.The cinematography is gorgeous and you might get carried away as you indulge yourself in its enchanting and alluring visuals that'll make you high by the time the film marks its end. It's amazing when you think of how far we have come. The current technology can do wonders and when you look back, the filmmaking industry has come a long way and this film stands on its own as a worthy successor which makes Ridley Scott's Blade Runner proud.Gripping and bewitching -- Blade Runner 2049 is a visual masterpiece.
40 | Blade Runner 2049 is an achievement for sure. Villeneuve continues to show what an amazing director he is and how visually stunning his movies are. The cinematography and art direction in the movie is perfect. The cast is uniformly great and Gosling in general does great work and is a better and more charismatic lead then Ford was in the first. Frankly on the narrative side, this movie works so much better than the first. This has an A, B, and C unlike the first movie. I was on bored with the movie until the last 20 minutes. I just think it's sort of teeters off and at the end I was left asking, Is that it??? Over all however this a movie that needs to be seen on the big screen, its gorgeous and well made on every level, just don't expect a satisfying ending.
50 | Great movie, watch the shorts before seeing it.
45 | Awesome movie! It?s a slow burn, but a great story, beautiful setting and an amazing soundtrack!
40 | The story gets lost in the atmosphere at times, but when the atmosphere looks this good, I'm willing to forgive.
50 | If you negatively reviewed this movie, why are you reviewing movies if you clearly don't understand what makes films great? Your ADHD is your problem, if you weren't engaged, good films are not to blame, go watch Taylor/Neveldine and keep your thoughts to yourself.
30 | Visually stunning - check. Overt sound to immerse the viewer -check.But far too long, for far too little story.You probably need to go and see it if you're a sci-fi fan - but it's at least 30-40 minutes too long - and it's not hard to find many scenes that should have died on the cutting room floor (or digital studio equivalent).I did like it - but I would not bother to see it again. Barely a pass mark from me.
35 | stunning visuals and ideas with a way too long and slow script and a ridiculous and embarrassing ending part
15 | I've never plugged my ears in a movie before. The two who developed the soundtrack and all those who had a chance to comment or make changes to the obnoxious, loud, and constant din of background noise should never work on another movie.Besides being constant noise when some silence would have been more shocking, the sounds were a huge distraction from the plot and from hearing people talk. Would only recommend this one for a home viewing where you could mute the sounds when they are overly annoying. Wish I could give this movie a higher score, but the sounds drowned out any good memories I'll have of this movie. The CGI bouncing snow was interesting.
35 | Good movie, but not quite the masterpiece that I was expecting based on critic's reviews. All of the performances are excellent. The story is very good, but with a few odd hanging threads. The length is a problem. While its all beautiful, there is way too much time where the director indulges himself with looonnnnngg tracking shots and pans. There are two scenes (no spoilers) that did nothing to advance the plot that should have been relegated to the director's cut. If shortened by 30-40 minutes the movie would have been substantially improved, and with an added line or two of dialogue to clear up some ambiguity it would be even better.Still, it deserves to be seen in the theater and all the leads are great. Even Leto's mysterious villain is good.
45 | It took a little hindsight to get why that end fight scene happened, which just highlights how everything in the movie really does have a reason to be there. Also that most of it is awesome.
None | If it has even a percentage of the original then it will be amazing. To this day along with Robocop, Terminator and Aliens it will forever be one of my favourite films. Can't wait
40 | loved the movie and the length only enhanced the story, the charachters relationships and the movies atmospheric affect. look forward to watching it again soon.
50 | It a Much Better Sequels, and The Much Better New Guilty Pleasure.
50 | GREAT MOVIE! NOT A TRANSFORMERS ACTION MOVIE! SOMETHING WAY MORE!The people with a 1 star review are all complaining it wasn't a Transformers action sci-fi. That's what they were expecting action. That's NOT what Blade Runner is about. The first movie had as little action. This is about the story. Detective Noir. NOT CGI BATTLE SCENES. It makes you THINK. You're not just watching mindless cartoons for 2 and a half hours. 1st you think you have it figured out, then they throw a twist in, then you think you got it figured out again, then they throw another twist in, then you think you got it all good to go, nope. the story is great, having seen the first movie, I found not many plot holes. A lot was covered and closed fo me. The soundtrack is really great fits the whole atmosphere really well and it's not a super action flick, it's got a story, it's got depth and it is more like reading than watching TV. all in all I loved it.
05 | wow, where do I begin. It was a mixture of District 9 (without the comic relief), Her (yes just as creepy) and RoboCop. The sound guy obviously worked on War of the Way (earplugs recommended)...WTH. The plot made an Adam Sandler movie seem like it was written by the Cohen brothers. I'm not sure how I made it 2 hrs and 39 minutes into this disaster before we walked out. I tried to look up how it ended on Wikipedia.....still confused as the hell this movie was, don't bother
None | Blade Runner 2049 had virtually no story, the acting was wooden, the scenes hardly connected together, there was hardly any detail to the future world. The lead character just went around with the same bland look all the way through the film. None of the female characters had any sex appeal, compared with Rachael from the first film. Harrison Ford wasn't in it until the last 45 mins. Real fans of the first film, one of the best films ever made, will be bitterly disappointed.
50 | Visually and sonically stunning. This film manages to display technical artistry whilst sacrificing neither plot nor a fantastic cast of living breathing characters; all of whom inspire empathy.
10 | This was a truly terrible waste of 2 and a half hours. This is the first movie since Robin Williams "Pan" that I observed couples walking out of the cinema during the movie. What can I say, very light plot, zero action, glacial pace..... no wonder critics liked it.
None | I was really excited to see this movie. But it was incredibly boring, very confusing, and its just the same thick 808 over and over.It had amazing scenery with boring scenes
05 | Presumably this was produced by Harvey Weinstein and Steve Bannon?
45 | If one is "born" are they deserving of rights? The underlying theme to this fantastic follow up to the original Blade Runner. Gosling, Ford, and Leto all bring their A game to this masterpiece. The acting these three men do is just amazing. Leto beings a calm intensity to the role of Wallace and makes the audience fear him, in the short amount of time he is there. Even when he isn't on screen you feel his presence throughout the story. Ana de Armas as Joi was breathtaking. She captures the audience with her soft spoken way combined with her warmth of love towards K. You can truly feel her affection towards K and visa versa. Harrison Ford reprises his role as Deckard and does a fantastic job. It felt like he never stepped away from the role all those years ago. Ryan Gosling doesn't say much, but when he does it is profound and has a lot of weight to it. Even without speaking Gosling's character, K, shows audience what the character is feeling. The real star of this film however, is Denis Villenueve. His directing style fits this world perfectly. No other director, that isnt Ridley Scott, could have recaptured the feeling of this universe. I can't begin to describe the visual beauty this film brings to the table thanks to Roger Deacons. This is a must see and best movie of 2017 hands down, as of right now. Rush to see it in theaters before you miss your chance to experience the magic.
45 | I think the acting of Ryan Gosling worth the price of the ticket itself. Even if some scenes are too long. It takes nothing away from the quality of it.
50 | Great movie wish Harrison ford had a bigger role
30 | unbelievably beautiful to look at. a very deep complex story with layers to it. good writing good acting. good direction. unfortunately way to long of a movie. which leads to pacing issues. thats why as of right now only seen it once maybe watch it again when comes out on Blu Ray its a 3 out of 5
30 | The pornographic excesses sometimes drive the narrative in absurd directions (even by Blade Runner terms), but the film is visually pleasing enough to overcome some of the maundering.
50 | An absolute masterpiece in every way.
40 | Slow, dark, and moody but very enjoyable with its twists and turns.
20 | Since I am a fan of the original, and, since I remember stunning visual effects of its day, I could be biased. I wanted this to be a good movie; in this recent drought of good blockbusters, I needed Blade Runner 2049 to be a good movie. Alas to say... fell asleep thru parts, bored with others.
45 | Blade Runner 2049 is a stylish sci-fi movie that, led by the assured direction of Denis Villeneuve and some committed performances from a talented cast, stands out in its genre and doesn't ride the success of the original that spawned it.
10 | BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG. Visually stunning, story too slow, almost 3 hours of what should've been done in 30 minutes. Save your money.
35 | Igor a 3 hour movie, it felt much more like a 2 hr movie. Overall it was good, great special effects, but was long and drawn out.
50 | Blade Runner 2049 is absolutely everything we hoped for and even more. Although I don't love the original Blade Runner, I understand how unique that movie is and why everyone loves it so much. The cold atmosphere, the memorable dialogue, the unique dystopian world, I've seen very few movies that can match the greatness of the original Blade Runner and somehow, Blade Runner 2049 manages to do just that, and most importantly, it goes beyond of "replicate" the feelings of the original movie, it proposes more questions, introduces more fascinating characters, and for me, it is a better movie.The cinematography is gorgeous, not just gorgeous, it's one of the best of this decade, if Roger Deakins doesn't win an Oscar for this, there's no justice in the world. The direction is remarkable too, Denis Villeneuve is now officially one of the greatest filmmakers alive, at the same time he creates a masterpiece in style, he creates a masterpiece in substance. Nothing is ever gratuitously on screen, everything and everyone has so much depth, and this is one of the many things that make Blade Runner 2049 so fascinating, it's a work of such passion that even if you don't like it, you have to admit it's absurdly well done.I tried a lot, but I couldn't find a single flaw in this amazing movie. The acting is impeccable, Ryan Gosling nails it delivering a character I'd never expect to love that much. The soundtrack is great too, Zimmer and Wallfisch aren't confined to remake the original songs from Vangelis, they do some nice tracks, but like Dunkirk (also by Hans Zimmer, not a coincidence), the music just shines when you're watching it. It's really harmonic, contributes a lot to the immersion and even more to the tension, you don't expect a slow movie to be this thrilling.I just can't stop thinking about Blade Runner 2049 since I left the theater, it's a film that moved me deeply and I can't wait to watch it again, so I beg you, if you're a Blade Runner fan and haven't watched 2049 yet, please watch it as soon as you can, and I guarantee you won't regret it. Now if you didn't like the original Blade Runner as much as you wanted to, that's your chance, give Blade Runner 2049 a try, and if it works, you'll have an experience you'll never forget.
45 | Visually stunning, haven't seen anything like it since "Enter the void".Soundtrack quite transparent but well written Zimmer quality.Deckard didn't get much screen time which is probably a good thing. Making him the inevitable "princess you have to save from the castle" in the end scene was a kind of a letdown but the movie needed some sort of climax i guess.Plot could've lost maybe 20 minutes in the beginning part without making much of a difference, otherwise keeps you interested for the whole 3 hour runtime.Definately director to look out for before he gets eaten up by hollywood producers. The trailers already trying their best to masquarade it to something it isnt.It's already a small miracle that you can actually make a good movie with this much money spent. Hopefully it keeps failing on box office to motivate him keeping up the good work.
40 | Excellent. Will buy DVD when available.
10 | LOOOONG! BORING! HORRIBLE!!!
25 | Watch the first one instead!
20 | It felt disjointed and at 3 hours parts of it were boring. Some of it confusing. Nowhere near as good as the original.
25 | Cinematography was spectacular. However, this movie was about 1 hour too long. There are parts where absolutely nothing is happening. The story was boring as watching paint dry. If not for the effects, I would have given it 1 star.
50 | I loved it. Excellent movie and sequel to a timeless classic! 2049 is now one of my favorite movies of all time.
None | Emotional,intelligent,Creative......Meditating
50 | The philosophical script, the magnificent soundtracks and the almost real background make the film so elegant. What a sci-fi masterpiece 2017!
50 | So visually stunning. Couldnt have asked for a better Blade Runner sequel myself.
50 | Probably one of the greatest sequels ever! Just behind "The Empire Strikes Back" that is. And probably the most beautiful films ever captured this year. A most see, but already missed gem by most typical audience members. Without this film, 2017 would have been a dry and unnoticed year for film. Besides DC?s Wonder Woman of course! If you have not seen this picture yet and were hesitant about it too, please stop what you're doing and rush to the cinema before it's too late!!!
50 | Time to download the soundtrack.
20 | terrible film lenght, some of the scenes were soo boring that I almost slept!
30 | The movie could have cut about an hour of slow moving, unnecessary pans and intense close ups, and they could have preserved the integrity of the story. That being said, it's good, but waaaaay too long.
50 | As we were discussing last night after the film, this is not one for the lazy or impatient. Clocking in at almost 3 hours long, we found that the time it took to tell the story, to show the struggles, the length of searching, was necessary to the context of the film. Anything less would have made it watered down and disingenuous. Cyberpunk might not be a very popular genre for film, but this one was really done right.
50 | Denis Villenueve is one of the greatest directors today. Yes, he is officially in that conversation with Nolan, Tarantino, Scorsese, etc.. Roger Deakins was already one of the greatest cinematographers of all time but this might be his masterpiece. This is a sci fi epic that will go down as a classic in the genre
45 | Did not disappoint. Very well done in telling the complexity of AI that is entirely self-aware.
50 | Visually stunning in every aspect. Great characters, and the best story I've seen all year! GO SEE IT!!?!!!
50 | After a long wait this film did not disappoint. Will no doubt be another classic of the genre. You'll be pondering the film long after viewing, a rarity today.
35 | Good movie, tended to be a little slow in spots. But it was an excellent story and good writing.
35 | You won't crack a smile during this picture show and that's for damn sure... stoic like reading a nonfiction book... but have to say, if my firestick looked anything like Ryan's I would be banging it right now brother. Lol
50 | One of the best serious Sci-Fi I've seen. Up there in top 10 all-time.
40 | Surprisingly excellent - A legitimate child of the original and one of the best sequels ever made.
30 | DEAR JESUS, how is this so highly rated? It's soooo long and boring half the time with empty scenes. I understood the story and plot; but I didn't understand why they added so many boring parts (didn't get the importance)... The girl was crying cause she remembered her own reality, duh! Figured that out, but why the fuck have so many long fucking pauses in the movie, WHYYY!!!1!1????!!!?
None | I think this movie wasted my time. The story in 30 years ago may be a innovative idea however in this ages, the continuously use the old idea without much new input make this story very superficial and boring, especially the ending felt like they just wanted to have this ending without a reason. From my view, apart from the boring story, the performance of both Gosling and Armas is too low to present on the screen. This move remind me what's called 'poker face'. They were just very beautiful faces saying nothing. This doesn't mean that Armas played the role correctly but oppositely. Same as a engineered human, Hoeks and Davis were much better because they balanced the feeling of robot and human additionally they represent the characters. On the other hand, the bright point is thatapart from the leading actor and actress, all the peoplehave very good acting skill. I want to highly praise Abdi,Bautista and Hoeska. They made me felt that I was in themovie with them. I feel like seeing the real person theretalking to me.
25 | While visually stunning and superbly acted, the pace of this movie was excruciating. The script was decent but the plot was paper-thin and predictable. Clocking in at 2 hours and 44 minutes, it could have easily been a stellar sequel with 44 minutes of pointless drivel left on the cutting room floor.
50 | Gorgeous, immaculate, and heartfelt, Blade Runner 2049 makes its predecessor even more meaningful with a powerful story arc that explores the humanity in its characters, all beautifully shot by Roger Deakins, masterfully told by Denis Villeneuve, and greatly performed by Harrison Ford and Ryan Gosling.
40 | One of the best sci-fi?s! And definitely one of the best sequels ever!
25 | I have mixed feelings towards this...I really wanted to love it. The atmosphere is amazing, the soundtrack is epic-electronic, and an acclaimed cast; all together formulate the exemplary combination of elements necessary to layout a fascinating science fiction movie. Grievously, Blade Runner's sluggish pace crushes all of these extraordinary production qualities. With trailers attached, you will be sitting in the theatre for over three hours. Composited within this timeframe, less than a few action sequences transpire before the finale and plot revelations are muddled with technobabble. Long facial expressions, sedated motions, and extended landscape photography; drain the film of its lifeforce. The ending payout would have been adequate (not fantastic) for a two hour movie; yet I feel this would have been "less than a struggle" to appreciate, without the 45-minutes of "miniseries filler".
50 | First sorry for my bad english:A masterpiece. The best way to define it is with the word "details".Profoundly philosophical, studied, every scene, his photography, scenarios, suburban houses in the megalomaniac of the population, the great minimalist spaces, zen of people with power. Eternal rain, chaos, new world order, new electronic power (difference with the first film), fusion of the most surprising. A soundtrack of memory, implemented perfectly at every moment.Its pace is slow but.. no time empty, necessary. For me, perhaps the role of certain characters, I have seemed a bit overwhelming, or not well expressed although they do not really affect the development of the narrative.Maybe a lot of people just like it, value the first movie more, or maybe other people think like me, which is better than the last one. To those who "like" the second, we are aware that if it is, it is thanks to the first, but it really is because they have known how to "tribute" to the first (if you have not seen BR 2049 yet, no worry, you will understand).I assure you that to capture and understand all its essence, you will have to see it again, you will capture new details, like every good movie.I hope that the people who have liked it opine like me, that captures its essence, and the undecided or those who have not yet seen it, clarify things for if you want to see.A greeting. David A. Mas
10 | I had high hopes for this movie. However it does not deliver on any account. The interesting scenes of a crowded Los Angeles of the future in the first Blade Runner were not really continued. The plot made no sense. We don't really know who was a replicant and who was real. If police are hunting and killing replicants, why are they still being made? Where do renegade replicants live. They need food, shelter, clothes. . Where do those come from. Why are they continued to be made? Who and what are some of the characters. Are they real or are they replicant? Why are they allowed to exist by the authorities? Harrison Ford comes in almost at the end of the movie. He has apparently been living in a deserted hotel with stored liquor and food for 30 years. Wow, that must be some kitchen refrigerator they have. The ending also made no sense. The more you think about it, the less sense it made. This was a big disappointment. At least Harrison Ford probably got a big paycheck for his relatively small role.
50 | Love the movie.Very interesting and mysterious.
50 | Sink in and take in as much as you possibly can.1- visually gorgeous2- perfection is Hans Zimmers score(even better then Dunkirk)3- Gos kills it4- you'll miss this world minutes after you leave the cinema5- you've never seen anything like it6- zero over actingWhatever- I could go on and on. Pure cinema experience
20 | I felt like a replicant void of emotion watching this. So many long drawn out scenes and very little action. 2hrs of this would have been enough.
20 | Remember when Francis Ford Coppola followed his brilliant Godfather I & II films with Godfather III? That sinking sense in the pit of your stomach ten minutes into the film that this was a dog? And afterward, when you left the theater, "What were they thinking?!" That's how I feel after seeing Blade Runner 2049. A Blade Runner groupie, I patiently and eagerly waited 35 years for Hollywood to get its act together to make a sequel. Well, it finally did. And this moviegoer is profoundly disappointed.Let's start with the plot. Here's the official synopsis from the producers:"Thirty years after the events of the first film, a new blade runner, LAPD Officer K (Ryan Gosling), unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years."OK. You have my attention. Let's flesh it out. So, I went to, where else? Wikipedia. 658 words of plot description left me muddle-headed. I get more thrills reading the literature enclosed in a bottle of toe fungus medication. And here lies the center of gravity for my critique: Blade Runner's plot is so convoluted, weighed down with meandering side tributaries and manufactured profundity that it left me scratching my head throughout. What? Rachel the Replicant had a C-section delivering Deckard's baby, the evidence of which Lt. Joshi (Robin Wright) wants to destroy but Tyrell Corp's successor CEO moon-corneaed Niander Wallace (Jared Leto) wants to grab? Meanwhile, K (Ryan Gosling) is having an existential crisis figuring out his identity based on a toy he thought he found and lost as a "kid"...Slogging through two-and-three-quarters hours of this plot swamp was, for me, a real struggle. I started nodding off, despite the dark roast I smuggled in from Panera's.Another deal breaker for me was the lack of back story for the characters. Ryan Gosling's replicant Officer K is an expressionless blank slate. OK. So he's an elaborate machine. But so was Roy Batty in the original film, brilliantly played with nuanced pathos and at least some character development by Rutger Hauer. Gosling is a fine actor, but his character has all the depth of Donald Trump on a good day. And that goes for pretty much all the others. What drives Lt. Joshi? Marriette (Mackenzie Davis) clearly reprises Pris, but comes off as little more than an ordinary street walker compared to Daryl Hannah's tortured partner in crime with Batty. Wallace's relentless hit-girl, Luv (Sylvia Hoeks) is little more than a cartoonish latter-day Rosa Klebb. Even Harrison Ford's senescent Deckard confuses. He starts out as a shoot-first-ask-questions-later recluse and ends up a Johnny-come-lately loving dad. Joi, K's holographic virtual girlfriend, is the most developed character, played with empathy by succulent Ana de Armas.Blade Runner lacks the poetry of the first film. The dialogue is as void as the story. Expect no memorable lines as "I have seen things you people wouldn't believe..." It lacks story cohesion not to mention a core. While impressive, the 21st century digital special effects lack the texture and development of the 1982 original. The Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch musical score, replete with thunderous bass drum blasts, is, however, oddly unmemorable in contrast with Vangelis's hauntingly futuristic musical signature that burrows into the auditory cortex and never leaves.2049 serves to underscore just how brilliant Ridley Scott's 1982 masterpiece is, with its clean Sam Spade-meets-Darth Vader plot line, interesting characters, still impressive digital effects, catchy musical score and soul-searching questions about life eternal and potential.I realize I am an outlier. Blade Runner 2049 gets a highly respectable 88 percent critics' score on Rotten Tomatoes. It makes me question whether I, myself, am a replicant. But there are a handful of other like-minded detractors among the professional critics. So, I'm not alone. And art, of course, is in the eye of the beholder (with or without full moon contacts).See Blade Runner 2049 and judge for yourself. But, as for me, when director Denis Villeneuve comes out with a sequel-sequel, as he promises - find me off-world.
10 | Was so looking forward to seeing this movie. Loved the first one, read the book. 2049 was a complete letdown. Long boring trip to nowhere. I wouldn't recommend this disaster to anyone. Totally pointless.
20 | I don't know what everyone else was watching but this movie put me to sleep. I'm being generous by giving 2 stars because 2 great actors played in it but otherwise this was a bore fest.
20 | Genre: Science Fiction & Fantasy. Action & Adventure. Drama. Species:Apocalyptic Future. Speciation example: Ex Machina.Oh no.......Oh no,oh no,oh no ! And a finale super replicant karate duel ..... In the ocean !Guess who is the offspring of the replicants..... But wait ! It's a trick !The end.
35 | First impressions of Blade Runner 2049: I liked this movie. It was a satisfying movie experience.Ridley Scott thankfully handed the directorial reins to Denis Villeneuve, who directed Arrival. It is very awesome indeed to have a story told in such a masterful fashion. The homage to the original Blade Runner is sprinkled throughout this film, especially in the first act. The story is a simple one indeed, nothing too deep. However, with the noir backdrop and the slow-burn style of storytelling, we are treated to a tasty meditative narrative with strong philosophical elements. Just what the movie doctor ordered.Ryan Gosling as 'K' delivers a palpable, understated performance. He is on screen for 90% of the film, being the sole protagonist. The rest of the cast definitely shows up, but with limited material to work with...this is K's story for sure. Yes, Harrison Ford reprises his role as Deckard, along with 2 other characters from the original (you will know them when you see them).The visuals are stunningly sublime. People who love great visual elements will love this film. However, this film is not for everyone. Many folks will be put off by the slow burn narrative, and there is much violence. Parents may want to think long and hard about letting the youngsters see this one....I say let them wait, they will enjoy it much more when they are a little older anyway.Overall, I'd say this film is worth a peek. If you have not seen the first one, you may get a little lost, but really it does stand well on it's own.
50 | a sci-fi masterpiece, one of the best of this century.
05 | I've been let down by critics before but to be let down by an audience score hurt deep in the bones. Random, disjointed, nonsensical gibberish! I should have walked out but I stayed, hoping the end would justify the means...it didn't.
45 | Ryan Gosling was awesome and continues to do a great job no matter the role. The soundtrack for this film really stands out because it definitely adds to its theme and vibe. I would recommend watching this if you're not into sci-fi movies. It starts out slow but then everything starts to make sense and rally pulls the audience in to the world and the various "can machines be considered humans" theories.
15 | If you truly loved the first movie this will be a huge disappointment1) the most annoying thing is the music: it is often loud, badly placed and not connected to the sounds of the city as in the first.2)The future presented in this movie is too optimistic in comparison with the first 1.3)the locations are copied, but are still losing something. (the only one Iapreciated is on the seashore).4)the plot is boring at times, and also predictable.5)the message of the movie is weak. rly to die for a cause is the most important thing? come on! in the first there was the fight against mortality, the urge of a human being!, elevating it in a social way does not make it greater.excuse my poor english
30 | If I watched it in fast-forward at a 20% rate without removing any of the content or dialog I would have given it 4 stars. There was just too much lull in there that my mind kept wandering away and I really wanted to connect with it.
50 | Visually stunning and superior in terms of special effects plus providing a richly decorated and detailed future where technology plays a vital role in everything, from flying cars, holographic Elvis concerts to digital girlfriends - BLADE RUNNER 2049 upgrades Harrison Ford's already outstanding cinematic value even if the camera focuses way too long on Ryan Gosling or the director failed to notice that Jared Leto's performance was too robotic and emotionless.
50 | Visually stunning, music an achievement, Denis Villeneuve shows us once again what he is capable of with science-fiction, perfect sequel.
05 | The pictures are great and the cast is great but the movie is just bad lol waste of time really
05 | Some of the worst female representation I've seen in a very long time. Flat, crap characters that die horrible fetishistic deaths with unmemorable names. A sad waste of gorgeous lighting and music.
25 | Okay. Just okay. Nothing great. Nothing bad. It you are a syfy nut, I think you can like it. Average movie goers I don't think are going to like it as much. Extremly long, some boring spots. Know what you are seeing going into it.
45 | I expected to be disappointed with this film as I HATE overly long films. However, whilst I'll admit to looking at my watch due to the uncomfortable seats, it was nothing to do with the film. Engrossing, surprising, beautiful to look at, and a number of twists I didn't see coming, this was a great follow up to the original. There were some missteps in the third act to satisfy the plot, but I'll forgive them. Well worth a watch on the big screen.
10 | Visually good. Acting good. Idea behind plot maybe okay. Plot easy to pick apart, many things that just don't make sense. Action, slow. Laughs none. Drama, way mellow and downplayed. Fun to watch, no. AND WAY TOO LONG! It's like torture. And the soundtrack was replaced by loud synthesized blasts and whining.I liked the original Blade Runner. I liked the book.This movie was a let down.
50 | An excellent follow-on to the original masterpiece.
40 | Atmospheric and bleak, all while discussing what it means to be conscious.The story itself is a sequel but the theme hasn't changed.This new iteration successfully brings Bladerunner to a new generation.This movie is better than the original in my opinion, even.It falls slightly short of really breaking new philosophical ground and misses great opportunities to do so, but the melancholy elegance of the ending is a treat.
50 | Denis Villeneuve's unnecessary yet successful sequel to an already amazing film dives deeper into its dystopian storyline
15 | If there ever was a film that took itself too seriously, here it is. Visually cool, with great performances. However the story is extremely predictable since it was lifted from numerous animes, that frankly did the premise alot better.
05 | Wow this movie was very long and surprisingly very confusing and boring. I was struggling to keep myself awake during this film.
40 | Now that was a good sequel... may be lacks a bit of the emotional momebts of the original and dialogues ... but still is a far better movie than star wars vii ... Jar Jar A rhams should go back to school and take notes on hiw to make sequels... good job Denis Villenueve.
25 | Not what I was expecting. Good background sound scape, clever technical effects, amazing landscape scenes and strong lead. Let down by poor story, overlong length, Harrison Ford being little more than a cameo and brand product placement. Don't go thinking you are going to watch Blade Runner 2 or a film similar to the original. Feel let down again as I was when watching the Force Awakens.
10 | Really dont know what people saw in this movie ....i honeslty felt long and almost felt as sleep with the storyyes the costume and visual FX were decent ....but nothing made me out my seat to declare such an amazing ð??¥
45 | Wow. Visually stunning. A near perfect sequel to the 1982 masterpiece. Such a huge risk to even attempt 2049 but it certainly pays off. Little recently have I had on the edge of my seat in anticipation of what came next. Beautiful shot, powerful soundtrack.
50 | Fantastic. 2nd best movie of 2017 so far.
05 | The movie was not thrilling at all unlike what we expected from the trailer.
45 | Great movie ,visually stunning a joy to watch
45 | The only way it could have been better would be if it kept going.
50 | Utterly magnificent. A sequel to as sacred a holy cow as Ridley Scott?s Blade Runner had no right to be as good as it is. The fact that it catapulted those expectations is nothing short of a miracle. But it really does. And then some. Not even Ridley could have made a better sequel. Easily one of the best movies of this decade, or any decade - see it on the biggest screen you can find.
50 | loved it - going to see it again at the weekend in 3d
10 | Just saw Blade Runner, what a wast of money and time. The only thing good about it was the popcorn. To make it politically correct they removed all of cultural diversity that kept you interested. The movie was a cast of six. Two and a half hours felt like six and I nodded off twice. I wish I would have slept through the whole thing.
50 | A STARKLY BEAUTIFUL MASTERPIECE. Explores transhumanism, the nature of the Deity, human existence, and the substance of the soul. Incredible cinematography. The set design profoundly and properly influenced by mid-century Brutalism. Flawlessly cast and wonderfully designed. Owes debts to Asimov's Robot works, OBLIVION, EX MACHINA, and Harlan Ellison's Masterpieces "Adrift Just Off the Islets of Langerhans: Latitude 38° 54' N, Longitude 77° 00' 13", and "I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream." Echoes of THX1138 and LOGAN'S RUN will haunt the perceptive viewer. Highly recommended for the intelligent viewer and will bear rewatching. An important film. *****/*****. Very underrated at 83/87.
30 | Stays true to the style and content of the original. Upgrade in visuals but same slow pace and open-ended questions.
45 | It is rare to see a movie that gets a sequel 30 years later but what is more rare is to see a sequel that not only expands on what you loved about the first but could actually be better than the first.That's right this movie is better than the first one.Without going too much into the story as this movie is best enjoyed without knowing any of the twist and turns. Ryan Gosling plays "K" the new Blade Runner whose job is to hunt down Replicants but one mission leads him to discover a revelation. The story is honestly amazing and you discover revelations with "K" making you more invested in the film. Do you need to watch the first Blade Runner to understand the story? Not necessarily but the film is much better is you do.The cast are phenomenal especially Ryan Gosling performance as "K" in which he can be emotionless yet emotive at the same time. Where the scene needs him to be fully emotive Ryan Gosling pulls it off perfectly and makes you feel for his character. Harrison Ford also returns as Deckard from the first movie and while his appearance in this movie is a lot shorter than the marketing makes you think, he still gives a surprisingly great performance and could be considered his best in some time. The rest of the cast are amazing as well with a special mention to Ana de Armas as Joi and Sylvia Hoeks as Luv being great standouts. Jared Leto gives a great performance though could be considered the most jarring one but for me didn't break my immersion from the movie.The music score is absolutely stunning which is done by Hans Zimmer who I consider a legend in making music Scores. The director Dennis Villeneuve creates some amazing camera shots that are a mix of practical and CGI. The shot themselves are like an artwork and are just stunning to look at.Blade Runner 2049 isn't just a typical cash-in sequel, it actually expands on what you loved about the original and more. This film doesn't decide to just turn Blade Runner into an action movie franchise either, while the movie does have some great action scenes they are short and little at best. The director made a proper Blade Runner sequel that stands on its own. It's visually gorgeous with an immersive story and a stunning score.You could call this movie an achievement in film-making and should be watched by fans or newcomers alike.
50 | The movie was phenomenal! Piece of art!
45 | while I think far far too long, this feels more like a glimpse into an ongoing story rather than a traditional sequel and I think that's what makes it work--it is a part of a larger world and a previous story but still wholly its own story
40 | Blade Runner 2049A young blade runner Officer working for the LAPD uncovers an old secret that could cause society to plummet into complete turmoil.The original Blade Runner polarized audiences; some believe it to be a masterpiece while others find it to be a snoozefest. What can't be denied is its heavy influence over the sci-fi genre with an ominous score and visuals that still hold strong. Most sequels, while entertaining, rarely add anything substantial to the original narrative...Blade Runner 2049 is one of those rarities; delving deeper into what it means to be human and who gets to make that decision.Make no mistake, 2049, like its predecessor, is no Star Wars or Star Trek space adventure, it's a gritty noir story set in a dystopian future.Grade: A-Big Al says see #BladeRunner2049 in the theatre.
45 | I all need to say about this movie can be summarized in just one word: impressive!
10 | Director makes *the most amateur mistake in the book*: He narrates instead of illustrates, thus illustrating he's not very good at what he does. Many positive reviews are probably paid shills.I felt empty and uninterested watching most of the movie, and I'm a HUGE fan of the original. It's what a teenager might make of Bladerunner: Self-important with no meaningful weight; plodding, overly-violent for no reason, with big ideas that can't deliver. It's pretty and has potential, but as other reviewers have pointed out: It has no soul.If this is what passes as a good movie nowadays, I'm sad to say i don't want to go to the theater anymore.
45 | Amazing, this movie got me hooked through every moment. Exceptional scenes and excelent story.
45 | This movie is the definition of realized potential. The potential of everyone involved. Villeneuve´s mastery of the directing chair is unmatched by any of his contemporaries. Hans Zimmer´s score may just appear to be recreating the original but upon closer inspection, it accompanies the film in a marvelous way, creating an atmosphere unlike any other score. Roger Deakins´ talents are on full display here, this may be the best work he´s done since "Ou Brother". It would be a massive waste of time talking about each and every performance but the stand out is definitely Ana de Armas, whose emotionally charged performance bursts in every frame she appears in.Every theme of the original film is continued and expanded. Every detail is purposeful. I need more space to ramble about how good this movie is.Just go see it. Really, don´t sleep on this one. It would be depressing if it bombs like the first one.
30 | It was a good film and story line. Harrison Ford and Ryan Gosling were very good however the film was very long (2 hrs 45 mins) and did start to drag on.
45 | Saw it in IMAX!!! Just great for you eyes and ears. I know the original is a classic but i like the way this movie went. Must see.
50 | Breath taking, must see in IMAX 3D, it will blow you away. Even the soundtrack is a master production. Worthy, if not better than the original
50 | One of the most beautifully shot movies I've ever seen. I had high expectations but this movie surpassed even my wildest dreams. Some nice homages to the original while not relying too hard on the old. The leads were well acted and even Dave Bautista nailed his role. A true 5-star film and is worth multiple viewings. An instant classic.
30 | How can you top a classic masterpiece?You can't. Blade Runner 2049 makes some admirable attempts, but just falls short.Scenes are unnecessarily too long and drawn out. The movie has you hoping for the main character to be what you'd hope he'd become, only to have him provide an outcome that doesn't really serve or explain the plot sufficiently enough, nor provide the bang of an outcome it tries to build towards.It's better than Valerian, that's for sure, but 2 stars shy of its predecessor.
05 | Worst movie of 2017, zzzzzzzzzreal snooze fest, no tension at all through the film! Terrible script! Visuals nothing special, acting well and truly overages. Don't bother
45 | Exceptional film that not only adds to its source material, but strengthens its genre.
10 | "Like ARRIVAL, the director wants you to pay attention and THINK."Except he's apparently running on the 68030 processor that was in the old Mac IIsi whereas I'm running on an Intel i7-8700 processor. And what was there to think about in any event?SPOILER ALERT!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!Someone wrote that there was a foreshadowing of the final twist (there were only two purported twists). The foreshadowing was two with the exact same DNA, which is not possible, while the boy lives and the girl dies. And so given the attempt to hide, create a mystery, the girl is the child, with the boy the misdirection, albeit an entirely lame misdirection, since if K can figure it out, with the rather minimal information that he had at hand, so can anyone else with access to that same minimal information, and so not even coming close to a good misdirection. The usual misdirection is fake your death and then assume another identity. Here they went with the lame, fake her death and have someone else assume the identity.But that wasn't the worst of it as the worst of it is owing to, well, read some of the other comments re the notion of humanity and what that notion means. Would help with this movie if there were some actual humans in the movie. Seriously, how many were there? For the Deckard is a replicant crowd, well, make it even one less then.And that whole "romance" with Joi thing. You're special, you need a name. How about I call you, Joe. Then picture our later enormous hologram. Joe. So the movie could have made that point in about two minutes and never mind the other wasted screen time. For how bad that all was, we get to the point where we can relate to her what with the whole, I love the rain, thing. Then she goes out with him for some investigation, then she gone for the rest of the film, save for her being that giant hologram who calls everybody Joe. So beyond two minutes or so, what was her point in the movie? So I can begin to relate to her, then she's gone from the movie (for all intents and purposes) save for a 30 second bat to the head, it was all a lie moment. Some real brilliant story-telling there.Lastly, for how much we think compared to those commenting that we don't think, what is one to think of Luv? The arch villain, since the dude with the fancy eyes didn't have enough screen time or any real character depth to give him that moniker? If my recall is correct, she tears up when she kills Joshi, she tears up when fancy eyes guts the newly "born", and she tears up when kissing K after she stabs him. So which side is she on? Did we all ask that question? You see, some want our gal to lead the replicant revolution. Some others don't want her found owing to her being being precious so no dissecting of her in order to unlock the secret of the miracle. Perhaps ole Luv was thinking, pity that some have to die here, witness those tears, but I say we dissect her, learn the secret, and then when there's more of us for the revolution, and with the ability to procreate, then the time will be ripe for revolution.You see, what is the point of the replicant revolution if they can't reproduce? Their revolution will last only so long as they manage to live. When the last one dies, end of story. So unless you're prepared to believe that Luv was indeed the hero, then what was the point of the movie? To introduce us to a revolution than can last only as long as the longest lived replicant? And why the need for the movie otherwise? I needed this film to tell to me that dying for some cause makes us human? Sorry, but I already heard that (some things are so precious, some things are so eternally true, that they are worth dying for, and I would submit to you that if a man has not found something that he will die for, he isn't fit to live, or did the masses never listen to or read MLK?). And for why Luv is the hero, she's only who teared up when somebody was killed. For not human the rest of them, or human in the worst sense, the rest of them had as much sadness and tragedy in the face of violent death as does your serial killing sociopath. So Luv, more human than the human.Now for a bonus freebie, can we all please stop with the mantra of dystopia. Those MLK speeches, only necessary in a dystopia. But the sky was blue and the waters clear, and we had trees all over the landscape. Could be that again. Now for the not thinking part, some need the cinemagraphic porn and the eardrum popping audio in order to cue them in to the reality that we have a dysotopia here, which illustrates rather perfectly the idiocy of the comment that I am relying to. You need this vast panoramic hell on earth landscape, featured time and time again, and way too long each time, with eardrums about to burst, when you might get the reality of dystopia simply by observing the relations of beings featured in the film. Frankly, you'd have a much better film if the background, the externality, appears to be all sweetness and light. In other words, with all of the externality appearing to be as bleak as it is, I'm rather more inclined to give some a pass on their treatment of others, since hell on earth invites hell on earth. So let's see the dystopia in our relations with others amidst the backdrop of a paradise. Then we might actually have to think.
20 | Being a big fan of the first Blade Runner, this one is very disappointing to me. Lacks the magic and poetry so attractive in the first. I found it much too long, boring, unnecessarily violent, a few decors plain uninteresting, some scenes useless to the plot... Can?t believe all the hype and positive reviews!
40 | Great follow up to the original.
45 | Great addendum to the original.
45 | Visually pleasing. The film drew you in while making you ask questions that were later answered. If you were looking for an action packed movie then this is definitely not for you. It was a masterpiece with Ryan Gosling as the story teller. A very refreshing film!
20 | Top 10:1. Citizen Kane (1941)2. The Dark Knight (2008)3. Raiders Of The Lost Ark (1981)4. The Godfather (1972)5. Schindler's List (1993)6. The Birth Of A Nation (1915)7. Pulp Fiction (1994)8. Do The Right Thing (1989)9. King Kong (1933)10. Fantasia (1940)
50 | A breath of fresh air.
50 | incredible atmosphere
30 | Maybe I had my hopes built too high, but what a let down this was. Very beautifully crafted, but hollow and unrewarding. See it, but don't believe the hyped up Tomatometer. 89% is way over rating this flick for what it is.
50 | Still thinking about it days later and the more I think about it the more I love it. The sound and the visuals are incredible. Need to see it again. Can't believe it is not doing well at the box office.
15 | Really disappointing... it begins at the top and it ends at a lowest level... the original Blade Runner, the one and lonely, is so far from this mess, 2049 lightyears above !!
45 | The sound was bloody fantastic. Hans Zimmer does it again. I honestly thought I wouldn?t like this film mainly because out the length of it. I was wrong it didn?t feel to long. It only fizzled out in the end but I very much enjoyed this film.
50 | Harrison Ford is Rick Deckard, more like Dick Reckard.
05 | borring dragged on know where near the original
40 | I loved this movie. I especially liked the pace.
10 | I didn?t like the movie at all. I fell asleep while watching this movie. I felt like the action of this movie is just too slow. Didn?t like the storyline either. Very disappointed.
20 | long loud plodding guy in my row broke out a blanket and went to sleep not kidding. I dont understand the reviews visually it had high points but starring through the wasteland required grit was tedious at times.
45 | Watched it and on a Cinemark XD over-sized digital screen! I was a huge fan of the original and this didn't disappoint. It has a very interesting story that stands on its own without the need to have seen the predecessor but rewards you, if you have. The soundtrack and visual style is reminiscent of the original film that's bumped up to today's tech standards. Aside from it being a little long, it was a great experience and I'm glad it wasn't a watered-down, weak sequel that Hollywood brought out of the cellar because they didn't have any fresh ideas. Bravo!
50 | An incredible movie of impressive scope that carefully elaborates on a dark future where sensory overload leaves life joiless. The scenes are pure art and the acting is solid. A perfect role for Gosling. The run time may be the only draw back from becoming a mainstream hit, but this shouldn't stop it from remaining a cult hit. You need to see this movie.
50 | This movie messes with ones head bigtime. I think i am going to have to see it again. I recommend seeing it on the big screen if you can. A more than worthy sequal.
05 | really bad. couldn't wait for it to end
45 | October 6, 2017Perhaps the best way to recognize just how good "Blade Runner 2049" is would be to acknowledge what it's not. It's not a carbon copy of Ridley Scott's original "Blade Runner" (1982). In fact, it's not even preoccupied with reminding us it's a "Blade Runner" movie, and although it's a sequel, it's not reliant on the original to be understood and effective. It's not heavier on action than it is on substance, but it doesn't cut corners with regards to its production values. It's doesn't rush through its story or feel impatient, yet it's not slow or dull. And despite its star power, it's not merely a showcase for the cast.The reason I mention what the film is not is because so many Hollywood sequels tend to be inferior renditions of their originals, especially ones made so long after the fact. They're often bigger, louder and more ostentatious, yet less substantive and effectual. Not "Blade Runner 2049." This is a full-blooded, confident, self-contained experience, with mesmerizing visuals and sounds and a surprising amount of depth and humanity. It's a movie so striking and layered it practically asks us to see it twice, a request to which we'd gladly submit.As the title indicates, the story takes place in 2049, 30 years after the original, and humans still occupy the same dark, dreary, dystopian world where they've exhausted Earth's resources and rely on bioengineered robots knowns as "replicants," or "skin jobs," for their superior strength and agility, albeit deliberately limited intelligence. If you recall from the first film, the Tyrell Corporation first invented replicants, which are virtually human save for their lack of emotions, in order to explore and colonize Off-world planets. Replicants were essentially slaves and it was only after a replicant mutiny took place that they became illegal. It's the job of special police squads, known as "blade runners," to "retire" replicants.Now, however, a new, obedient replicant model exists, some of which serve as blade runners themselves. One of these is K (Ryan Gosling), who's been tracking members of the replicant freedom movement, who believe all replicants should be liberated rather than hunted. K's latest assignment leads him to a remote farm outside of Los Angeles, where one older replicant (Dave Bautista) protects the buried remains of a female replicant that actually gave birth several years ago, which was long thought to be impossible, but this "miracle" serves as the freedom movement's strong push to fight for their rights as living beings ("We are our own masters; we are more human than humans").Upon learning of this birth phenomenon, K's superior, Lieutenant Joshi (Robin Wright), orders him to destroy all evidence of it because news of a human-replicant offspring could lead to chaos and unrest. But K remains curious and he takes it upon himself, with the help of his trusted holographic girlfriend, Joi (Ana de Armas), to look into the identity of the replicant mother and human father. Without giving away crucial plot details, K unearths a disturbing history involving veteran blade runner Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) while simultaneously examining his own potential humanity and existence.On one level, "Blade Runner 2049" is a tried and true science fiction action movie, complete with flying space vehicles, futuristic technology, chase sequences, shoot-outs, etc., all set amidst vast cityscapes with brooding skyscrapers and giant, interactive video monitors, as well as barren, desertic wastelands with sand dunes and heavy winds. These are classic characteristics of the genre, and if you've seen the original "Blade Runner," or any dystopian science fiction movie, then you know what I mean.But this is just one of the movie's levels, and as a traditional sci-fi adventure, it's nothing short of exemplary, and one of the reasons must be because director Denis Villeneuve allows us time to simply look at and appreciate this rich, intoxicating universe-for its immensity, its beauty, its decrepitude, its sounds, its serenity. "Blade Runner 2049" continues its predecessor's distinct atmosphere and mood and doesn't allow either of them to fall by the wayside or even become secondary. Villeneuve is keenly aware of just how much the cinema can affect our senses, and this film's sights and sounds infect and hypnotize us. Of course, any movie with a near $200 million price tag ought to look and sound top-notch, but even so, the production design, sound design, cinematography and visual effects teams have really harnessed their resources and we marvel in their craftsmanship.Still, the film's visual and audio achievements might have only added up to a technical exercise if it weren't also for the emotional story and performances behind them. On this level, the film penetrates our hearts and minds in such a way that we end up examining our own humanity, our own memories, our own sense of reality. It asks us to consider what we're willing to sacrifice for the people we love and the causes we believe in and reaffirms it's both what we do and what remember that make us who we are. These ideas are written into Hampton Fancher and Michael Green's screenplay and realized through the actors, specifically Ryan Gosling, an actor who has the unique ability to be both strong and threatening yet vulnerable and sensitive. Roles like these remind us of his range.I've a feeling there will be many admirers of "Blade Runner 2049" and for many different reasons. For die-hard fans of Scott's "Blade Runner" (Scott fills in as executive producer this time), they'll appreciate that it remains loyal to that film's vision and message. For me, though, it's the way the film was able to go beyond merely continuing something and instead serve as an unrestrained, expansive experience, one that engages us on multiple levels-viscerally, intellectually, emotionally. It envelops us and causes us to look inside ourselves so that we might remember and reexamine who we are. Not many films have that kind of power.
20 | Plodding, tedious flick. One could easily edit out a half hour from this movie without missing a thing (though it would still be dull). It gets two stars; one for cinematography, the other out of respect for its pedigree.
30 | 3hr duration = dragged in a few spots. Some of the better scenes were too short and some of the dull scenes lasted way too long. Not as satisfying as it could've been, soundtrack didn't quite match what was going on in the movie. Won't be surprised if they make another sequel...
45 | Awesome Sci-fi flick!! Great suspense with a great story. Acting was on point
50 | ¡"Blade Runner 2049" absolutely blew me away!
10 | I'm not alone. Of the five other people I know who've seen the film only one liked it, the other four didn't like it. Yes visually it has its moments and the soundtrack is wonderful, but the plot is ludicrous. This film has humanity defined by biology, the complete anithesis of the original film. The original Blade Runner movie is probably the best science fiction film made to date and as you'd expect with a Philip K Dick its all about being human. In the first film humanity is defined by behaviour, not biology. I think Dick would share my disappointment with this sequel.
35 | It's a very moody and lengthy tribute to and continuation of the original film. The mystery plot is somewhat interesting here but less philosophically challenging than the old Blade Runner.
50 | really loved this movie. It was a great followup. If you enjoyed the original you'll enjoy this movie
50 | Incredible. Simply, the best movie I have seen. The method in which the story of love is intertwined with the essence of humanity was awe inspiring. It is long yes, but there is not one single scene that doesn't provide greater depth and understanding of the characters, unlike the original. The music and sound effects has a "neo Tokyo" caricature to it, really amazing when it is coupled with the amazing and surreal visuals. After several years pass, people will not remember any other movies that were playing these weeks that Blade Runner 2049 is playing. Do yourself a favor, go and see it.
40 | Well made film with great acting. A little slow, and I really wish I would've seen the original before seeing this one. This is the kind of film that you need to understand in order to appreciate, and I didn't fully understand it because I didn't have the backstory from the original. Although, it's a good film.
50 | Yesterday I finally watched Blade Runner 2049 at the BFI IMAX. I am a big Sci-Fi fan, the original Blade Runner (Director's Cut) is probably one of my favourite of all time (Sci-Fi genre) and I always counted the days (or I must say the decades) for a deserved sequel (not a reboot). In my view, the director Denis Villeneuve accomplished it! I didn't find the film boring and I didn't even pay attention to the running time of 2:44. I really don't understand what some of the audience is complaining about due to the fact that recently we are experiencing a cinematic overload of not so good reboots ('Ghost in the Shell' as an example), non-stop 'Transformers' of the nonsense-kind blockbusters, endless (not so original anymore) 'Fast and Furious' movies plus lots of other bad sequels ('Alien Covenant' as a good example). For me the new BR2049 was very successful in updating and expanding the themes of the 1982 Ridley Scott's original and probably, it is even better, it is a Sci-Fi monument IMO. I think BR2049 brought some fresh air to the genre and it touched brilliantly on themes like AI, memories, the meaning of being human, soul, slavery, feminist and environment to mention just a few examples. I found the scenes showing that massive 'seawall' that protects LA from rising seas so spot on. Plus the landfill/rubbish problem, pollution, toxic air and the symbolic message about the bees, representing life and hope at the same time. For me, this was a big thumb up, especially because I believe Hollywood (and certain governments), are ignoring climate change, or at least it is not taking the subject seriously enough apart from throwing on us stupid films like '2012' and the recent 'Geostorm'. Roger Deakins cinematography is jaw-dropping (I do hope he wins a very deserved Oscars for this film). The music - Vangelis did a superb job back in 1982 and I believe Hans Zimmer/Benjamin Walfisch (expect another Oscars nomination here) upgraded everything so well and kept the atmospheric vibe of the original. Maybe it is because I was immersed in the IMAX projection and great sound, but as a viewer and big fan, I have no complaints and I truly recommend this movie, especially if you like the themes so well presented and you want to see a Sci-Fi made with impeccable craftsmanship and taste.
40 | Denis Villeneuve is quickly becoming my favorite modern director. His ability to captivate an audience within an environment using mood and tone has always been on point. Prisoners drew me into its bleak world, Arrival was enchanting, and now Blade Runner 2049 maintains a grim but visually inspired atmosphere. Ryan Gosling turns in another complex performance that highlights the inner humanity within his replicant soul. His character is given a nearly shocking twist before the climax of the film which turns the story from a predictable hero's journey chosen one thread, into a very different path for our protagonist. It is a nice twist and one that actually enlivens the narrative to a stronger height than what could have been. What is a minor problem with the film, is the pacing and length which occasionally takes too much time to explain a simple idea or moment. Villeneuve no doubt favors the slow burn, but it is used a bit too frequently without real need. Patience is, however, rewarded in many aspects with Blade Runner 2049 and prior knowledge to the original is not needed but of much use as it aids in providing background information to events in the new version. I wasn't familiar with original and still grasped the ambitious themes on humanity. It is a work that allowed me to dig deeper into the themes after watching it and one that will rewards multiple viewings. Rating: 82
40 | A beautiful movie, make with love
10 | I don't what movie you all saw to get an 89% approval ratine....but this flick was D U N E/M A T R I X 2&3 BAAAAD,.,.,.long, tedious, dreary and boring. I did not care about any of the characters other than the Dave Bautista character which I would have liked to seen the backstory. Save you theater going money, wait for blu-ray to come to your video store , and then wait for a special offer of free/$1.00 rental...this is NOT worth Netflix price...
45 | As a huge fan of the original, I went into this sequel with a lot of trepidation. But I am happy to say I was not disappointed. I was pleased to see a fairly faithful recreation of the originals 'feel' - sounds, settings, pace, attention to detail, and an excellent plot that didn't rely on todays fast paced action movie formula assuming minute attention spans of audience members. For this reason, it may not be a 'blockbuster' by todays standards. But I am sure it will withstand the test of time like the original. A movie I will want to watch over and over, and discuss with my friends.
20 | Boring scenes are too long, music is too dramatic, and the ending was disappointing.
30 | Awesome futuristic scenery but it?s a slow moving movie with action in between to keep you interested. This movie could of been done in 1.5 hrs but 2hrs and 44 min ugh!!!!
40 | I had a Blade Running day yesterday watching the old one again and then seeing the new one on IMAX and I have mixed feelings about both. Visually and stylistically they are absolute works of art. The stories are mostly interesting although the plight of replicants and other forms of artificial intelligence dealing with their 'human feelings' or lack thereof bores me. Fuck the feelings and give me more action is how I felt. And jesus fucking christ...why does every scene in both of these movies feel like it goes on for thousands and thousands and thousands of years. They are both good but EXCRUCIATINGLY sloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow.
35 | The Future of the Future
40 | Is it me or do other people have a hard time following some of these scifi movies? Seems odd that someone can be found easily by the main character while the bad guys are stymied.A good follow up to the original movie.
20 | Did the director not watch the first movie? Where is the humanity in this movie? Where are the scores of wretches struggling to survive in a dying world? What a waste.
50 | Denis Villeneuve continues to impress as he has obtained the status of being one of the best directors working today, with this stunning masterpiece involving fantastic performances from Ryan Gosling, Ana de Armas, and the best Harrison Ford performance I've seen in decades.
40 | Beautiful shot, wonderful acted, and very, very slow. The story is very heavy and, though it ends on somewhat of a high note, it is mostly a bit of a downer. It should make some money back overseas but it?s probably just a bit ?much? for American audiences. Overall, though, I enjoyed it very much. Ryan Gosling has quickly ascended from ?oh, that guy? to one of my favorite actors. Superb work.
50 | Exceptional science fiction. Novel and brilliant special effects. Very true to the original.
50 | The original Blade Runner is a fantastic film, a classic and a beloved cult film. This sequel, is better. The visual effects, cinematography, intelligence, colouring, editing and acting. Many aspects of this sequel are just on another level.
40 | The masterpiece of the 21st century. This film is beyond anything i have seen on screen. The soundtrack is incredibly dark, moody and hypnotizing while the cinematography is equally gorgeous from start to finish. Probably the best film a studio has put out there in the last decade in term of science fiction. I'm just stoked by this film.
50 | As gorgeous and methodical as it is sad and reflective, Villeneuve's Blade Runner 2049 is a worthy follow up to Ridley Scott's cult masterwork.
30 | I wasn't expecting to like this movie, the beginning was a little slow and confusing, but as I continued to watch I became hooked :) The storyline was interesting and kept you at the edge of your seat and I thought Ryan Gosling did an exceptional job carrying the film. Note: It would help if you'd seen the first film, but it's not entirely necessary.
50 | Bladerunner 2049 is the sequel to the 1982 cult-classic Bladerunner. In the film Officer K (Ryan Gosling), a new blade runner for the Los Angeles Police Department, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos.There are some minor spoilers ahead, if you want to go into this without knowing anything (which I recommend) come back after and read. If you don't care read onThe first thing I want to talk about is how beautiful this film is, there is one scene in particular that I loved when Officer K is walking through this abandoned city and its all orange from the sand, its breathtaking. There are many other scenes which I thought were amazing, its almost like every frame is a piece of art that you could find framed at an art gallery, I will leave some examples below this review just to show you how amazing it looks. Ryan Gosling is amazing in the film, there are plenty of scenes where the camera is directly on him with nothing else going on in the scene just his face behind a black / white background and these scenes are some of the most powerful in the movie. One example of this is when he finds the date written on the tree and just by his facial expression you can tell this has some significance to him. Jared Leto and Harrison Ford both had smaller roles in the film than the trailer would suggest with Leto only having two scenes all together. Leto plays this weird evil character that I never really understood his purpose in the movie as I kind of zoned out whilst he was talking. I don't think much would have changed if he was not in the film as all he did was talk and let the people who work for him do all the important stuff. I like how they didn't specifically give away if Deckard was a replicant or not as this could have damaged the first movie a lot, however one thing I did read that interested me was how Officer K asks him if the dog is real and he says ask the dog, the dog can't answer just like Deckard himself can't answer that question. Many people complained about the length of this film but I thought that it was better being this length as they could fit so much more detail into the film, there are moments in the film that legitimately make you go "Oh Shit" and I feel like they would not have been as powerful if the film was shorter. It also allowed for those many long lingering shots of cities which is very important if you are making a bladerunner sequel. I love how they have advanced the technology so its not what we would expect to see in the future but what the people in the original film's 2017 would expect to see in the future. One thing I did not like about this film was the score, its sound really metallic and it hurts your ears to listen to but I feel like as uncomfortable as it was to listen to it worked well within the movie. It made everything feel much more futuristic.Overall I really enjoyed this film and so far it is tied with Baby Driver as my favourite film of 2017.I give Bladerunner 2049 5 stars out of 5.
30 | The first thing we noticed when settling in to enjoy the movie was how loud it was. Ryan Gosling would not have been my choice for the lead role. The storyline was weak and dragged out.
50 | Blade Runner 2049 isn't your typical A-B-C Hollywood blockbuster; it is significantly deeper and ultimately it is entirely rewarding.
45 | (4 1/2 Stars) Dating back to 1982, the original Blade Runner was a marvel of its time. These Neo-Noir movies lay the groundwork for some of the best science fiction out there to date. Blade Runner 2049 continues 30 years after the events of the first film, and while the cinematography, visuals, narrative structure, score, and acting are all supreme, the length and pacing leave a little to be desired across nearly three hours.Ryan Gosling steps into the titular role as K, a replicant turned cop and the last of a dying breed. You'll have to be familiar with the first film to understand what the real war is about because on the surface for those who don't, all you'll see is a simple detective story without much weight behind it other than what's told to you by the characters. Gosling has always been a fine actor for me while others don't think he has much behind a pretty face. He's been on a stretch of success with The Nice Guys, Lala Land, and Blade Runner. He's quite the sporadic actor choosing quality over quantity.While it was nice to have Harrison Ford back for continuity and nostalgia, the real scene stealer was Ana de Armas as a holographic lover, Joi. Armas is beautiful. She worked in seamlessly as an AI who might not exactly seem as fake as she is. Her on-screen presence with Gosling provided great chemistry for two characters who you'd think weren't supposed to have any do to the fact neither are human.I mentioned the length and pacing as the drawbacks, but Jared Leto was a third. The original gave us a bad guy and a company worth hating, but 2049 barely touches the surface of what Leto's Niander Wallace may be capable of. A bit more gimmicky than believable, especially in a setting like this one where literally anything can be left to the imagination. Without resolution for his character, that particular thread is left hanging, so the real villain role is transferred to Sylvia Hoeks who reminds me a lot of Famke Janssen.Ridley Scott stepped back into an EP role and handed the reigns to Dennis Villeneuve as director. I'm telling you matter-of-factly, he has not directed a bad movie yet. Throw this up there with Sicario, Enemy, Prisoners, & Arrival. He's slowly becoming one of our most acclaimed directors over the past 5 years.If you are looking to get buried in a world like 2049, get lost in all the attraction and flare, Blade Runner offers all of that an so much more with tremendous panoramic shots, detailed technological advances, and a score that should be up for an Oscar. With a story and acting this superb for hard syfy, it should continue it's predecessor's role in the genre as a cult classic despite under performing at the box office.
40 | Despite leaving many tantalizing questions, plot threads, and characters up in the air, Blade Runner 2049 succeeds in delving deeper into the philosophical and visual grandeur of the Scott's world.
50 | This was really a fantastic film. It was perfectly moody and it had several fun nods towards the original book. I also relish the idea that K was a reference to Kafka's The Trial a book about the trappings of a messed up system where people can be locked up for seemingly no reasons.
50 | This movie was a masterpiece. To follow up a film made in 82, and make it feel the same but modernized. Amazing. Very thought provoking movie, I'm sure the people that didn't care for it didn't have the capacity to understand it. I'm sad that this film isn't making the money it should, it really is an achievement, thank you to the whole production team and actors.
10 | By far one of the worst movies I have seen. Not only too slow but no engaging plot.
50 | It's beautiful. I want to live in Blade Runner. The movie looks how I feel most days.
20 | This film was disjointed & loud and was very disappointing!
50 | really good plot, stunning scenes accentuated by great sound, nice cast, nothing to add
50 | A worthy successor to the 1982 classic. I cannot attest to the movie experience without having seen the original, as the entire story builds on events from the past.
50 | Without spoilers, I will simply say this, watching this film was like submerging myself in a cinematic ocean, you just let this film wash over you like the ocean surf on the seawall in this film. A great piece of science fiction, well worth the time invested in the lengthy runtime. You are strapping in for a long ride and the film drags you along relentlessly, but it's a great ride for the ticket bought. This film is a great continuation of a treasured SF classic that got it RIGHT, you've done a man's job Denis, THANK YOU!
05 | I loved the cyber punk feel of the original. Seemed much more believable with actual people of color in it considering where cyber punk derives from.
40 | Great dystopian science fiction.
40 | Denis Villeneuve's respectful homage to Ridley Scott's futuristic masterpiece intensifies the haunting mood of dystopian melancholy and enhances the apocalyptic contemplation of artificial intelligence and bioengineered life expectancy.
50 | The best looking and best sounding movie of 2017, oh the story is good too.
50 | The expectation was high, very high. Out of teather I was fully satisfied. The beauty of this movie is in the details, the mood, the story. Surely not in the Action or the fireworks effects. The night after you won't be able to dream anything differnt from this movie.... the replicant with his virtual girlfriend, the drone bombing during the nails manicure, the "Peugeot" brand inside the flying car etc... ;)
40 | Maybe I needed to see the first one to understand this movie. I was completely lost. But the visuals and sound kept me watching.
25 | My initial response is to damn this sequel with faint praise, which may change with additional viewings. At first glance it's a rather dour and joyless outing, which could have benefited from more of the energetic pacing of the original. And perhaps it's much too self-serious and arid, even allowing for its weighty themes, albeit visually stunning and undoubtedly well-made. But if a movie is supposed to evoke favourable emotion in viewers I don't think it does that terribly well. Thought-provoking, yes, but everybody here seems to be having unrelentingly bad days, and too much of that can be dispiriting for an audience, especially considering the rather meagre payoff.
50 | A true science fiction epic in every sense. Interesting characters, well paced and engaging story line, music was exhilarating and impactful, a fantastic return! Aesthetic was almost perfect! I did not want it to end.
05 | 90 mins too long and the music is wayyyyy over the top
45 | Outstanding and worthy continuation of one of the greatest sci-fi movies of all time. Its atmosphere is killing. I'm sure it will become one of my favourite films of the 21th century as it definitely will be one of the best sci-fi films of our poor era.
20 | Not what I expected. So long and slow. If you liked the original you?ll probably like this movie. If not, you?ll probably nod off a couple of times as I did.
50 | proper old school sci-fi
50 | Amazing, how it expands and ads few new layers that are much more subtle and deep to think about when you watch it for the first time. It has to offer so much more than the original (I am disgusted and enthusiastic at the same time by this thought). Hollywood is not doomed. Yet.
45 | I loved the feel of this film. It had a haunting, atmospheric edge with plenty of stylish cinematography. It was a bit long is the only fault
40 | This blows the original version away....the acting, screen play and cinematography are amazing.
50 | "I know what's real." It is real.
10 | Good special effects sequences however the plot was slow, inappropriate content that served no purpose. Definitely not a good flick
25 | Visually stunning on the big screen..but the plot simply moves to slow.
25 | The movie feels very very long. Beautiful on occasions but way to self-indulgent. On occasion torturously slow. Die-hard fans of the first movie will still probably enjoy it.
15 | very very poor, expected a lot more
30 | Loved the first 3/4. They added one to many "twists" and spoiled the ending. You will know exactly what I mean when you see it. This is a heart pulling shadow of the older movie, it tries to bring back the depth of the original but it gets washed away with its own plot... Almost has a a mix of "Her" and "Surrogates" while it desperately tries to keep you guessing.
20 | SloooooowNot really a storyNot recommendingYou will never get the two hours and half back
35 | The movie carefully plods through a mysterious journey but then is destroyed by a hurried last 15 minutes of disconnected story confusion. Sadly this movie will not hold up over time.
45 | Flawed masterpiece. Some of the dialogue was toooooooooo sloooooooooooow ruining the tension. A very memorable sex scene and night club fight.
45 | Loved it, and finally Science fiction that tells a story woth out a battle every five minutes
10 | If you like dialogue or plots, this movie is not for you.If you liked a space odyssey 2001 (1968), or mystic river, this movie is for you.Besides Harrison Ford showing up 2 hours in, to say his 9 words despite camera on face for 30 minutes, there are two scenes where you think "hey, maybe this will pick up." Don't believe it.There's not even cool music. Think binaural beats and silence. My brother was snoring and I had to wake him up because most of the movie is nobody making a sound and nothing happening as an actor flexes facial muscles.Pretentious. I want my time back. :P
15 | Thin to no storyline or action scenes.
40 | Just a beautifully shot movie. Really immerses you the world they created. This is a movie to be seen and heard in a theater! A rare sequel that is far superior to the original. Well done.
50 | Great sequel to a great classic of cinematography.I loved the art work just like the first one and enjoyed the movie for the integrity of it.
20 | A shadow of its former self, and when the shadow appears it's empty. More like Blade Runner: Beyond Thunderdome.
50 | Blade runner 2049 is a sci-fi master piece at its best. It manages to create a world I want to re visit time and time again. Blade runner is a long movie that earns every second of run time and will hailed as one of the best sequels ever made.
20 | Disjointed narrative and overly long
10 | What a snooze fest. I thought it would never end. Way too long. It just drug on forever. Even the magnificent Ryan Gosling could not save this movie. Dark & depressing.
50 | A phenomenal follow up. The visuals, sound, and cast were all amazing
05 | Worst movie I have probably seen in a while. All this movie had is noise and no purpose. Worst of money. Skip this!
50 | Fantastic movie, felt like the original. The idea that a replicant will have a baby with a human fits with the current "AI is god" nonsense.
40 | Reviewed 10.8.17. They did it. They managed to not screw up the sequel. Phew. With mood and aesthetic sitting front and center in the original, the creative challenge for 2049 must have been daunting. To the rescue comes a strong script, that manages to increase the emotional heft of the plot, without dropping the stark bleak nature of it all. Quite a feat. Entering the film's final act, thoughts of 'instant classic' began to run through my brain. But when it came time to tie the bow, it just wasn't tight enough. Perhaps one subplot too many. Or for some, too open-ended of a finish (but if you've seen the original, you shouldn't have expected anything else). What makes the best parts of these movies great is the sense of openness spewed out across a desolate canvas. Simple, but deep. Intense, but meditative. Cold, but emotional. Hence, it does not wear additional clutter well. Thankfully, it doesn't stray too far. It's a big budget movie that has retained its art house panache. And a sequel that doesn't sell out to new generation expectations. Which is why like the original, its pinnacle success is likely cult status, yet again. It's an artistic badge of honor. Bravo.
50 | What a trip! One of the most (visually) stunning movies i've ever seen!!
50 | Absolutely brilliant on every level. What a stellar sequel and story. A+
45 | really enjoyed it more than the original.
05 | Stinko! Slooowwww. Obvious 'plot'. Dark, depressing and a whole lotta subtext messages that are just so disgusting. Ryan Gosling had one expression the entire movie. Never wanted to get out of a theater so fast in my life.
30 | I have more questions than answers.There is a good movie here. Someplace. It's not that this Blade Runner is a bad movie, it's just that it's too long of a movie, with a few too many artsy-glory shots and the overpowering music cues that Denis Villeneuve also overused in Arrival. The overall product becomes a distraction and the story becomes lost, only to be found in the last act - barely saving this film.It's not a fun movie. It's a challenge - and sometimes those are great movies. Blade Runner 2049 wants to be great, but it falls considerably short. The original Blade Runner had a few different edits of the movie - and that's what this one needs - a good editor, one that trims a good 30+ from this movie.
50 | Cinematography of this show is top notch, many scenes are picture perfect. Story is deep and melds well with the original yet taking only the good parts. One of the best shows I've watched all year!
25 | Great production values but the underlying plot lacked punch to be honest .
40 | Muy buena, aunque el final un poco predecible. Y yo quiero una Joi
50 | I wasn't sure how I felt about this movie when I heard it got a release date. The original blade runner was undeniably a masterpiece. It seemed like a movie that should standalone and not have sequels because of how satisfying the ending was. Well fellow viewers, I mistook Hollywood's obsession with money making sequels and nostalgia for this movie. It was on another spectrum. Dark. Graphic. The people working on this movie put some real hard work on this movie. The acting was something to be seen. The emotion was astounding and well placed. Don't even get me started on how good the graphics and cinematography look. This is the kind of movie I love. I hope to see sci fi movies on the same level as this one in the near future. Long story short, if you loved the orginal Blade Runner, you'll likely eat this up.
35 | I guess I must?ve been expecting more. A good movie great graphics but it got very slow sometimes.
50 | A great movie that keeps all the timeless, groundbreaking elements of the original while also telling its own story, in its own way.
50 | Perfect in almost every aspect. There is not one bad/boring shot in the whole movie, cinematography is utterly fantastic. Although there were some plot holes/questions that the film leaves unanswered, I feel that its better that it did it. The run time is three hours, but it passes very quickly. Any true fan of the original or Science Fiction, this is a must see.
50 | This is officially my favorite movie. Not only can I not remember a sequel that was better than the original, but an ending in which I applauded at the credits."Dying for the right cause is the most human thing we can do.""Sometimes to love someone you gotta be a stranger."BRAVO!!!
10 | I went into the film with medium expectation and was heavily let down. The visuals and main plot line are decent however this movie could have been easily edited down to an HR 40 minutes and probably would have received 4 stars. There are multiple long silent sequences that do nothing to move the plot or add to any suspense. It's 3 hrs of your time you will not get back.
50 | It expands on the story and characters of the original movie while looking and sounding just as great. One of the best recent Sci-Fi movies.
50 | 35 years is a long time to wait for a sequel, but it's well worth it. The movie stands on it's own without having to refer back to the original, but it does somewhat help the viewer to understand the major players and their motivations. Blade Runner 2049 isn't simply Star Wars The Force Awakens:The New Hope. It is an artfully extended comment on self, memory, and reality. I'm glad I got to wait 35 years to maybe/maybe not see such a work of art.
40 | Great film, Just wish it was 30 minutes shorter.
30 | I was very disappointed. Not nearly as good as original - and what we had 8 main actors including the 2 girls. I got weary of looking at Gosling's blank expressions.
50 | This is the movie that remind me why i love movies!!Film Review "BLADE RUNNER2049"is a beautiful and mesmerising masterpiece...a truly incredible sequel. Considering the first blade runner is a classic you would imagine it would be hard to beat. But in my opinion this film is even better than the original. The visuals are outstanding ,truly one of the best visuals ever. With one of the Greatest cinematography ever ,If this film doesn't win the Oscar for the best cinematography and lighting; it will be injustice..Hans Zimmer like everytime in every movie with his awesome Music, truly the soundtrack will be on repeat in my ears for quite some time , Great Atmosphere, colour shades, dialogues( especially from the middle),great acting especially Ryan Gosling is fantastic .Thanks,to Sir Denis Villeneuve , I will look forward to anything by Him he's legend and one of my favorite directors that works today , he deserves the Oscar for the best directing.The film isn't without its faults but they're few and far between. I just wish it had been 15 minutes shorter in length just to keep the story at the forefront a little more and not to create too much space.Overall it's an Brilliant piece of filmmaking and I love how this movie is not in it for cheap thrills, to make everyone happy or to show off special effects, it's here to tell a great story, that makes you feel & think10/10
50 | I'll keep this short (unlike the movie). This is very very very good. The story is very structured and competent and does not fall for the cookie cutter tropes found in countless other films. It actively defies the "chosen one" plot gimmick and instead makes something more interesting instead. Expect gorgeous and creative environments, complex characters and a lot of action, plus tragedy and twists. To give it a specific rating, I'd give it a 9.75/10its a long film too i guess
15 | Boring and pretentious. Moves along at a glacial pace. Thinks that just having Harrison Ford in it makes it Great Cinema. It's not.
20 | Just like everyone else - Looks Awesome / Way Too Slow.I'm not saying it's slow because I've been action washed like most in the general public. I'm saying it's slow because the Plot is lacking and Ryan Gosling although maybe beautiful for women for most guys is not a masterpiece enough to be the center of the screen for minutes on end with little plot interaction and facial expressions.The potential here was indefinite. They got the look right, it was awesome. Especially on an IMAX screen.However the original Bladerunner was no waste of space and always very much headed in a direction.This way, when it paused it was beautiful and a welcomed break. This sequel however was the opposite, too slow and the small amounts of plot developing were a welcomed break from the wall of Gosling nothingness...
45 | really enjoyed it; seeing Harrison Ford revive his character; Gosling did a good job; the sets and everything are visually amazing. And, really, as plots go, it really is amazing, in that I spent so much of the movie wondering "but then, why...?" and so glad it all wrapped up so tightly. Yes, there was some derivative AI aspects, but overall, well worth the price of the ticket, for the escapist and thought-provoking entertainment I received. And of course, woke up the next morning *still* thinking about it, which is always a good sign.
05 | Horrible. I felt obligated to rate this movie since others are giving it good reviews (Not sure what planet they are from). Warning: do not see this movie. You'll never get those 3 hours back.
10 | To. Long, to boring, waste of time ,money and talent. Harrison ford doesn't show up till about a hour and a half into the movie. Dark scenes and obnoxiously loud audio. Couldn't wait till it was over.
30 | Film could be much more interesting if not so long
15 | Not sure what all the fuss is about. I enjoyed the first one but this new edition was boring. Very disappointed.
35 | This is a great hour-and-a-half movie! Unfortunately it has a 2 hour 40 minute running time. ??Sometimes, less is more. This is that time...
50 | Dark, poignant, gives the time to the storyline to settle and raised existential questions, it was worth it.
35 | Beautifully designed, and excellently performed. But the complicated plot hampers attempts at greater substance in this well-meaning sequel.
40 | Great movie. The acting and scenery is outstanding. Definatly worth watching. The only thing flawed is the pacing: Did the film really need to be almost 3 hours?
50 | One of, if not the best, sci-fi movies of all time.
30 | Eric filming, but too slow.Too much staring at the nothingness.And all that cooking for that ending?
50 | phenomenal. a masterpiece.I was totally spellbound and exhilarated for close to three hours.
50 | Fantastic movie. The 164 minute running time flew by because the story sucks you in.
20 | Thin plot, visuals are great when they are truly fleshed out into landscapes, but most of the time it's just action following chase scenes.
None | my confusing movie 'review':Visually stunning, in many (not all) parts. As visually pleasing and depressingingly ugly as L.A. & a dystopic Earth can be.Also SOPORIFIC! Don't go unless wide awake, or with NoDoz, & prepared for 2HOURS AND 24minutes. As if they said, 'Let's drag this out for an extra hour" by making it as sloooow as possible.When I left I asked "Was this movie SLOW, is is that just me?"Of course, with the 'heroes' of the story being extremely confused, so also is the audience. Made a note to myself to google the SYNOPSIS to find out what we missed and make sense of it all. Will get to that perhaps someday, along with similar notes for too many movies made in recent years.Our group left the movie literally laughing at it, its slow pace and deliberate confusion.Oh, and RYAN GOOSLING? What's so special about him. He was OK,glumly, but others could have played the lead as well or better. But I did love his cyber 'girlfriend'. some tricky scenes there.And HARRISON FORD: he has seen better days (he's 75) and looked way better in a T-Shirt in AMERICAN GRAFFITI.As for the LAPD & the dismal portrayal of LOS ANGELES -- I wasn't surprised, that's the way the city is heading, down the tubes, with the politicians they have always elected.Still, glad I saw the movie, and could not have passed it up.I'd still give it an generous 8 on a scale of 10 (10 being best).ps: did not see it in its 3D version. Probably would have been visually even better.
20 | The original Blade Runner unfolded as an elegant, simple film noir mystery. This sequel, unfortunately, contrives a confusing mess of a plot and slathers on loud sound effects with over-the-top gun battles and stabbings. The painfully long164 minute running time (seems longer) is offset a bit by impressive computer generated imagery - the real stars of the movie. All in all - a swing and a miss.
50 | Mind-bending! Visually stunning! This is what film making is all about!
30 | Not nearly as good as the first one
50 | Visually stunning with an interesting take on AI
50 | Incredible cinematography, fantastic acting, and a slow but powerful story make Blade Runner 2049 one of the years best films
20 | 2049 felt like the running time in minutes. Wanted to like this much more than I did. I didn't hate it, but I was bored, which may be worse. The set-piece for set-piece matching with the original worked sometimes, and sometimes seemed cloying. There was zero plot drive, no building of anticipation from one scene to the next, no paying off anything from earlier in the story later in the story. I have no ax to grind about Gosling, I just don't find him charismatic, so there's that. Harrison Ford fairly sizzled by comparison in their shared scenes. I could go on: yes, lots of stunning CG futurescapes, but the street level scenes echoed the retro-futurist look I thought was so amazing in the first one, without imagining much new 30 years before that, except now some of the scantily clad Asian bimbo billboards are now giant holograms. One part of living in 2049 the film definitely takes a stance on: by then, the male gaze will be mostly fully hijacked by robot hos. Wish I liked it more.
45 | Having seen the original some 30+ years ago, I really loved this movie. As far as sequels go, this could be a template on how to execute the perfect movie follow-up. Words of wisdom: See the original Blade Runner. It will broaden your understanding and give you an immediate perspective of where this futuristic tour is headed. Finally, Ryan Reynolds' character was superb! Both thumbs way up. Enjoy!
20 | Visually stunning, but not a good movie.
50 | Loved it. A risky venture but maintains difficult tone and pace of original with plenty of new twists and updated effects. Catch the three short prequels that bridge the time between 2019 and 2049. They're not critical but will give you insights into references and entire characters in the movie. Film maintains beat down noir hero nearly perfectly. Stariing to recognize this Gosling fellow. He never sings nor dances. New effects and tech allow for a very interesting love interest for hero. highly recommended. I think ratings will stay in high eighties. The first Blade Runner trained us how to like a sf films that's not all laser blasts and spaceships. Like tears in snow.
40 | I caught this one last night and it's really one of the best movies I've seen this year. Though it's not for everyone, they call it "the thinking man's science fiction movie", and it's true. It's not your typical action oriented, space battles, fighting the alien threat science fiction movie. There are a lot of character driven moments with periods of dullness and unnecessary scenes. But the story is so immersive and it moves. I saw it in 3D and it added to the experience. The soundtrack was really good and it was like a darker Vangelis score that really worked with the feel of the movie. I loved the visuals, the costumes, the special effects and the acting. Ryan Gossling and Harrison Ford are really good in this, as is the rest of the actors. This movie will be around for awhile, it won't be lighting any fires but it'll definite be talked about months or years after it has been released. I hope they do a sequel because they set it up for one. I'll definitely be getting this one on Blue Ray. Go see this movie, you will not be disappointed.
25 | This movie is overrated in my opinion. It's too long and too slow, and there just aren't enough plot points to keep it interesting. It is visually amazing and well acted but it didn't come together as a whole for me.
50 | Man sieht nicht oft ein Meisterwerk als erstes im Kino.
35 | If I didn't watch it in IMAX it would have not been enjoyable. Great sci-fi concept but the film requires you to have an excellent sound system otherwise you'll only have mediocre dialogue to set-up scenes. Visual effect are a work of art.
05 | Sad to say it but Blade Runner 2049 is a dark, dull, hot-mess of a film-largely pointless and does nothing to advance the franchise. Only lonely fan-boys whose greatest dream is to take Siri or Alexa to their senior prom will find anything to like about this film.
15 | Its long, ponderous and cinematography porn. Performances are fantastic, visuals are fantastic. Story suffers from too many writers and a director with too many choices. This film needed another editing pass and someone needed to ask the question whether they needed yet another sweeping vista cgi shot that lasted too long killing the pacing.
50 | Blade Runner 2049 is an excellent film worthy of its predecessor. The acting is great. Ryan Gosling, Harrison Ford, Jared Leto, and everyone else in the film was great. It's best to go into the film without knowing anything about the plot. I didn't know anything, and it was rewarding. I was engaged throughout its long runtime. The film is nearly three hours long, but I was never bored. Denis Villenueve is an excellent director, and it shows. The film looks absolutely beautiful. Roger Deakins' cinematography is amazing. The film looks stunning. Overall, the film was amazing. In some ways, it actually surpasses the original film. I loved Villenueve's work before, and I love it even more now.
30 | This a film where its parts are greater than the sum. It has an amazing sci-fi look and feel, great set design and cgi, decent performances, but at 2 hrs and 44 mins... it feels Blade Runner moves at a snails pace. Slow, a lot of superfluous info and encounters which ultimately made this a snooze-fest for me.
15 | Beautiful movie if you are just going for how well it is shot. Really slow moving, story line loses you at many points really disappointed....
50 | Though not as good as the first film, Blade runner 2049 is 2017's masterpiece
50 | A triumphant masterpiece that should be viewed for the ages. This film is able to take the ideas and concepts from the original Blade Runner and translate them into a updated and more developed setting. Not only is it a great sequel, it?s a great standalone film as well. This is what a sequel can and should always be.
50 | I heard people complain how long and slow this movie was. I felt the pacing was fine. I was constantly caught up in the world the movie created. When I left the theater and drove home, I still felt like I was in the movie. The pacing helps maintain suspense.Ryan Gosling did an amazing job. As the movie ended I was already ready to watch it agsin.
45 | Superb film, at least as good as the original. Absolutely stunning to look at, keeps the feel of the original, with a great, but understated performance from Ryan Gosling. The onscreen chemistry between Gosling and Ford is enjoyable, tho Ford only appears later in the film. My only negative was that the soundtrack was a bit too oppresively loud at times. Other than that, spot on!
15 | Length ? Depth. That's 8 hours out of our lives we'll never get back again. 15% pastiche plot and 85% visual stylings. The phrase "Meh" writ as large as a building-sized holographic advert.
40 | Good movie, could have been shorter
05 | Slow and boring. Extremely loud background buzzing music to keep you awake. Avoid!
05 | holy shit this movie sucks. worst thing I've seen since they tried to do avatar air bender as a real life movie. I don't understand how this has good reviews. movie is slow as hell.
10 | good special effects and nothing else. movie made no sense at all.
05 | Awful film, no plot and no character development. There is no feeling of empathy for the characters. It is nearly a three hour long shot of a made up city.It was like watching a dramatic advert that sums up to nothing.If I could rate lower I could.Further proof that "different" doesn't mean good.
50 | A few minor quibbles - one being the long run time - but overall a very good sequel that doesn't crap all over the original.
50 | a truly phenomenal movie that completely beats the original in every way.1 great plot2 amazing acting3 well written4 amazing effects and CGI5 violence is not extreme which is good but when it does get violent it gets violent!definitely in my opinion one of the best movies of 2017 and one of the greatest sci fi/dystopian movies ever made!
50 | I created an account here just to say: go watch this movie.To me this came closer to the feel of the original book; and surclasses the movie it follows. A truly impressive performance by Ryan Gosling.
10 | This movie is 2:44 long, which is about an hour and ten minutes too much. The middle drags unbearably...to the point you?re left wishing anything would happen. The plot is passable, but for being touted as a cinematic masterpiece, it falls far short. It was predictable and, frankly, pretty boring, except for a few scenes. I do not understand how this movie has an 89% favorable rating on Rotten Tomatoes. At most it should have a 29%. It is a poor sequel to an excellent first film.
25 | This "reprisal" is mediocre through and through. Where the original film and source material is a deep reflection on what it means to be human or alive. I think therefore I am. And appropriately, the original film doesn't try, because it cannot, answer this question. 2049 on the other hand, in the trailer no less, throws this philosophical premise away and attempts to rewrite the story of blade runner into a romantic tragedy between two replicants.2049 is wall to wall with silly film tropes and although it gets some of the aesthetic and atmospheric elements right it uses them not to craft an immersive world but to create empty nostalgic callbacks.2049 is only a cerebral successor in that it doesn't have wall to wall action sequences like so many other sci fi movies and it ultimately answers the questions raised in the original by saying: to be human or alive is only to be flesh and be born.Also they pretty much turn replicants from fragile androids of varying abilities to terminators who do karate and run through walls wtf is that? Were all the replicants just waiting out for the one eyed lady to finish her speech before they stepped into the light in unison? Did they have to practice that before hand or do they do the sake theatre for every new recruit? Decker has some framed sepia photo of Rachel on his desk like they took pictures together at an old west photo booth in the outfit she wore the first time they met! Why? Who took that photo? The holograph juke box takes quarters... why does it take quarters the whole world they live in runs on credits!!!
50 | Visually impressive and captivating. Easily the best movie I've seen in 2017 and also goes on my all time favorites list.
50 | Wow! Denis Villeneuve is one of the best directors working right now! He created a movie that inspirers people to make movies like that and he also shows the potential of what a masterpiece can be. I'm a big fan of the first one and he brought back the nostalgia. The performances were top notch. The character development was great. Everything was great. This movie is going to win some Oscars. Most likely for best Visual Effects and at least nominated for the score. Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch made an amazing score! They brought back the main theme from the first one, which was great. The 3D for this movie was really good too. If you're going to see this film, watch it on the biggest screen with the loudest speakers! You won't be disappointed.My Grade: A+
None | I normally never add a review. My life is too busy and I don?t have the time to do so. But I?m a very large sci-fi fan and I had to take the time to make a review about this terrible excuse for a movie.Were do I start with this review.. first off the storyline makes no sense, it is vague and mysterious. It?s difficult to wrap your head around. It?s not clear at any point in the movie where you?re at and what is going on. So storyline in the movie is terrible. The other part of the movie is incredibly frustrating is how the sound volume will peek and spike in random areas and it?s so loud in the movie theater it almost blows your eardrums out. It would seem appropriate if it was at the right time but in this movie he?s literally flying around in his flying car and the sound volume is going through the roof for no reason. In addition the director thinks he?s being artistic by having low lights And terrible lighting that fades in and out of shots. The director thinks he?s being artistic but it?s not artistic it?s just frustrating because you can?t clearly watch the movie because the shots are so terrible and you can?t clearly hear the movie Because you?re waiting for the next time the volume will blow your eardrums out. If this was an aliens movie where you can live with these artistic directing aspects because the plot in the writing was great it would be one thing. But the story in this movie it just sucks it?s terrible. You will have no attachment to the characters you will not know the characters in this movie there?s been no character building in this movie it?s just starts and there?s no connection. This movie lacks in so many ways it?s ridiculous.. I know this is a big run on fragmented sentence but I?m not writing an English paper here I just wanted to voice text a really quick depiction of this terrible movie. I?m starting not to believe these reviews that they show on this app I think they are fake when I saw the reviews that said this was in the 80s of being fresh I thought great should be a great movie but I?m beginning to think they?re fake they?re paid for
50 | Unlike a replicant, this one has a soul.
45 | I give this a 96/A+.
05 | A brainless sequel that no one asked or ever wanted. That does not expand the universe and is boring and useless.
35 | Okay I never saw the original Blade Runner and I was hesitate to see Blade Runner 2049 mainly because of the 2:45 runtime and the marketing of the movie didn't really appeal to me. I am glad I gave it chance. I even went back and watched the original on demand the next day. It is just a good sci-fi movie. We don't a lot of that anymore mainly because they struggle to make money and often don't break even. Star Wars is not sci fi, it is space fantasy/action adventure, and Star Trek movies are much more action adventure than they are sci fi. Though a slow paced movie I was engaged all they way through. It also passed my late viewing test were I did not struggle to stay awake. It had some sci fi elements that I thought.was really interesting, and some that might even be possible in the next 20-50 years. On the negative I didn't really love any part of it. I liked it, I was interested, it keep me awake, but nothing really special about it that made me love it or care about seeing it again. I give it B grade. If you like sci fi give it chance, if not skip it and wait until it is included with what ever TV or streaming service you have.
50 | Lacks the fable quality of original, makes up for it in stark and stunning oppression mixed with beauty.Amazing visual story telling
35 | Visually spectacular with a cool soundtrack. Not always an easy plot to follow, too slow in places and it could be a bit shorter. But for anyone who saw the original it is a must see.
45 | Phenomenal except Ryan Gosling's performance ..... Why oh why ?! The most overrated actor of this generation period... Still a great art house-noir-sci-fi, we needed this bad ...
45 | Stunning visuals and the story was better than anticipated. It gets long in certain parts but that's Ridley Scott. 2049 brings in more continuation of the original which was great to see. Walking out of the theater I thought it was "pretty good" but a day later I cannot stop thinking about the storyline and how visually striking the film was. The score and sound editing were superb, quiet and focused during monologues but really loud and thunderous during flying & action scenes. Will definitely be seeing this one again. I would definitely recommend seeing the original before watching 2049.
50 | Saw this on Orillia, ON at the Cineplex! so friggin amazing!!!Doesn't seem line a 3hr movie...
45 | 'Blade Runner 2049' is simply extraordinary.
40 | So cool ! Love it. CinemaMEGA is the best website to watch FREE MOVIES ONLINE
50 | A true standalone sequel. Limited fan service to the fan boys keeps the story true to the original. Cinema and sound are wicked on point, placing you back in the world of the original.
30 | I think you have to watch the original to appreciate this new version more.
50 | Incredible film. Thoughtful. Intriguing. Visually stunning. And a fantastic follow up to a classic movie.
40 | A little long and slow at times.
25 | Interesting but way overblown, slow, and ultimately too long. Much of it doesn't make sense, either.
25 | Needed some serious editing. About 45 minutes too long and takes itself far too seriously.
35 | it was pretty ok overall. I didn't connect to any of the characters so it didn't work for me.
45 | Loooong and plodding, but not without good reason. Like ARRIVAL, the director wants you to pay attention and THINK. This film won't work for you if you want to tune out and just be amazed.Production design is outstanding. Not as "old stuff" noir as the first film, but this film still manages to show us "antiquated" gear from the vantage of 2049. DEFinitely must-see in a large theater.It doesn't try to correct anything from the first film. It simply picks up with a new story that uses the first film as a seed.
50 | If you're a Sci-Fi fan PLEASE GO SEE THIS MOVIE! MUSTAH-PEACE!!
50 | It was a visual delight with an engaging story, better than the origional!
40 | If it was someone other than Ryan Gosling I would have given 5 stars. He's not a dark roll actor... and he's ugly.
05 | super-boring and pointless
50 | Magnifique, M. Denis! A treat for the little grey cells as well as the senses.
10 | Terrible, awful, bloated waste of time. One star is generous.
30 | Long movie. Not a whole lot of action. Music really kept it suspenseful. I would wait for it to come out on dvd.
50 | It is an absolute masterpiece, best Action Thriller in years actually had me on my seat thinking what's going to happen next I knew there wasn't going to be a simple twist as it clearly pointed out at the start and the pay of was worth it, there is a sense of mystery still to Harrison's Fords role and it's absolutely fitting. For the most part I enjoyed it, the only thing that let my experience down was the people around me seeing people yawn and some people saying when's it going to pick up, audiences have become lazy and uninspired when it comes to choosing movies, this movie is a gem and will be there to stay on hall of fame. I have to say the score and the cinematography and writing is something to behold they all work together in a cohesive and brilliant fashion. I adore this movie I'm going to go around in circles, I'll stop, ha.
40 | Superbly pleasing to the eyes and ears, slow build up, somewhat confusing or fizzled out ending, but overall a great film from a directorial and cinematography perspective.
10 | Wasted my money and time. Just about fell asleep during the movie. If you like a slllloooowww paced movie with, let's see, 3 or 4 action scenes that took forever to get to the end, two hours and thirty-two minutes. Not even good for sleeping if your theater has the sound turned up as loud as the Regal Theater in Millville. Hmm, sound is about as good a description as I could come up with, I think whoever was doing the sound was trying to make up for the movie with volume.
40 | One of the best films I've seen all year!! Blade Runner 2049 is a visually and aurally stunning masterpiece.
35 | I was slightly confused through a lot of this because 2049 is my first foray into the bladerunner world so I have absolutely no clue what all the call backs to the previous film mean. I don?t know that I don?t know what I?m supposed to know.It was good action and visually stunning.Though I guess I?ve never seen Ryan Gosling on the big screen before. I didn?t realize he was walleyed.
40 | Does justice to the original. Dark, atmospheric, with some introguing ideas. The depiction of the aifu was particularly well-done. I didn't love Gosling's performance. The god/angel/creation biblical stuff was very interesting at first, but quickly veered into comic book villain territory as the bad guy has sPoOkY eyes and seems sadistic for no clear reason. I would have loved to see a more nuanced villain with clearer motives - this is my biggest complaint and only thing keeping it from 4.5 or 5 stars. The combat scenes also felt overly lengthy and unrealistic.
05 | ONE OF THE WORST MOVIES I SAW EVER!I left the movie theater with 3 hours of my life,WASTED to see a B Actor Ryn Gosling,pretending to be a great actor,with only having one look on him self,that every soap opera actor could have done better and an Retired harrison ford,that plays one rolet; himself.To much time spent in creating picture cinema,,by Making ryn Gosling,go through all the hotel rooms,with slow motion,that has nothing to do or to say to the movie. The Camera holds on Ryan face for more then one minute constantly in every scene ,without any Dialoge! What a waste! The story had to little action,the actors were simply bad,(expect Jared Litos Android).Its not worth watching it! I learned from this experience,that i will not any more support overrated hollywood actors,but rather go to see independent cinemas and directors!
50 | An incredibly layered experience... For the entire duration I was immersed within this dystopian world drawn in by the story, the characters, the messages and the visuals... Far exceeded all expectations...
30 | The movie was beautiful shot and the world was amazing to look at on screen. I just think if about 30 minutes was shaved off of this film it would have been much better. Thats just my opinion.
50 | Absolutely fantastic movie
50 | I dare to say this movie is better than the original.Visually is stunning,the characters are well written,the directing is flawless,the themes always relevant and the plot is original and intriguing.I dare to say I found it flawless.The best part of it is that when you think you have predicted how it will go,te tables are suddenly flipped with a brilliant way that is however foreshadowed.
50 | Cerebral. A lot of thought went into the possibilities of what is to come. I feel like its almost prideful to take pleasure in something or call it masterpiece, but this piece of art goes beyond stimulating the senses. I'm not sure that's for everyone. For me, this is on the level of Pan's Labyrinth.
45 | I have waited since I was twelve years old for this film and it is the first movie in years that I walked away not feeling ripped off.The plot, costumes, characters,sets, musical composition blend together elegantly. A worthy sequel sci fi masterclass.A solid 9.I want Jared Leto,s tailor. Yeah man, yeah man yeah
45 | "Blade Runner 2049" faced more pressure than any other sequel in recent times due to the late high acclaim of its classic predecessor. However, it manages to soar as one of the best sequels ever made and, definitely, as one of the best films of 2017 thanks to its committed cast (with Ryan Gosling neatly leading the film, Ana de Armas' technologically-created character displaying the heart of the film and Harrison Ford's brief but expected return), an improved visual imagery boalsted in part thanks to Roger Deakins' fine cinematography, an equally thought-provoking plot with more open analysis of its complex themes and classic music arranged by Benjamin Wallfisch and Hans Zimmer (even if it lacks necessary leitmotifs).
45 | Blade Runner 2049 is a sequel to a masterpiece that holds its own in every single way possible. It is a visual masterpiece that is startling in its design and unique in its execution. It is unlike any film that you will see this year. The first Blade Runner was a Ridley Scott classic, a brave original that has stood the test of time. This sequel takes place in Los Angeles in 2049. The city has become even more doom laden, miles of grey skyscrapers beaten down by seemingly terminal rain. The city has been become a mixture of strange pleasure and stark desperation with replicants seemingly around every corner. Blade Runners are, in this edition, tracking down the previous replicants that have 'gone rogue' Ryan Gosling plays one of the very Blade Runners. His journey is deep into the heart of this society, encountering opposition at every turn and also discovering secrets about his very life. It's a long film that moves slowly but the visuals are so bewildering that it never overstays its welcome. Roger Deakins' cinematography is beyond perfection and Denis Villeneuve proves again that he is an extraordinary director. His use of sound is a trademark of his films and the sound here is outstanding as is the doom laden soundtrack. Gosling is superb as the stoic lead and there are very strong female performances at every turn. It is a complex dark film that is not one for a 'fun' afternoon at the cinema. At times the story is obtuse and convoluted but it's such an exactingly exhilarating ride that I was there for every single moment.
50 | Thought-provoking and character driven, this film doesn't rely on action and excessive cgi explosions. Blade Runner 2049 was brilliant and takes its time (too much time? I wouldn't say so) A lot of effort and care went into the making of this film, it's apparent. And, blimey, the cinematography is stunning. This film has a good ending too, just as good as the 'tears in the rain' scene from the original Blade Runner. Also, good use of colour and sound.Pretty much a masterpiece tbh.
45 | BLADE RUNNER 2049 has the best musical score of any modern film I've seen! And the best world creation. The future looks bleak -- no wonder humans have gone off world! Ryan Gosling is perfect just as he was in DRIVE (another great film). Harrison Ford is - well - Harrison Ford. The plot is straightforward -- my only complaint - the movie is a tad (only a tad) longer than it needs to be. Otherwise this is definitely a BIG SCREEN movie.
35 | Blade Runner 2049: well-shot, overhyped. It started out promising, had some moving scenes, and tried to be thought-provoking. Ultimately though, it was too long and indulgent, lacking the thrill and cohesiveness of the original Blade Runner.Ryan Gosling's lead performance as Agent K alternates between despondency and frustrated intensity. Gosling does remarkably well with the material, while Harrison Ford comes back as Deckard grown crotchety and old, adding little to the film besides his familiar face. Agent K's nemesis, the efficient and brutal Luv (Sylvia Hoeks), makes little sense other than as a working woman to contrast against the soft and giving housewife found in Joi (Ana de Armas). Meanwhile, Jared Leto successfully embodies the visionary detached from human reality and intoxicated with the power to create, exploit, and destroy life as the ultimate distillation of capitalistic patriarchy. His Niander Wallace is discomforting and unrelatable compared to his predecessor, the original's Tyrell. (Although Wallace rates high on the creep-factor, his time on screen is plodding.)While the movie traffics in a future awash in whiteness with a few token black actors and nods to the original Blade Runner's multi-ethnic metropolis, the role of women in the film is more complex. There is woman as boss and preserver of the status quo, woman as destructive business underling, woman as idealized domestic companion, woman as sex object, woman as rebel leader, and---most importantly---woman as the true creator of life, freedom, and meaning.The sequel is ambitious, visually stunning, and expands on Blade Runner's examination of what defines humanity and makes life meaningful in a world where technology creates beings as disposable commodities. Unfortunately, the movie also feels like too many visual fragments strung together in a world of hollow characters. Perhaps its failure is rooted in the attempt to be epic and personal at once, sweeping and intimate, slick and gritty. In the end, it will be called a masterpiece for some and for others, like me, beautiful but flawed.
05 | Terrible. Excruciatingly slow pace an murky plot development for no discernable reason.
40 | A very solid piece of cinematography. All the elements are there - great references to the original that aren't forced, own defining score, mood setting lighting, and of course all the other elements that made the original so iconic.
50 | This movie was a cinematic master piece!!!
50 | I did not like the original. I felt it was slow, too artsy, and overrated. Welp. So was it's sequel. So, why the 5 stars? Because while 2049 is also slow, artsy, and highly rated... it's perfect in everything it tries to do. And does a beautiful job at building on the original (it did what TRON 2 did, even better. An equal to ALIENS when rating sequels). It's a masterpiece. From the soundtrack to the visuals to the plot to the complexities. It's a deep movie with great dialogue & balance. Bravo. PKD would be proud.
05 | three hours of my life I'm never getting back. The visuals were absolutely amazing but they can't balance out the terrible and slow moving plot line of this dark and unnecessarily creepy dystopian movie. The plot line was difficult to comprehend and quite honestly was very uncomfortable to watch. I love Ryan Gosling in general but this script gave him no opportunity to display what we actually love about him; his humor and honestly his cuteness. Harrison Ford, despite being on all the movie posters and all the adverts, had a collective fifteen minutes of screen time and probably spoke about fifteen words as well. Ryan Gosling, despite being in the ENTIRE MOVIE likely had no more than fifteen lines himself. Overall I very very strongly disliked this movie and would not recommend it to those looking for a fun weekend activity.
20 | Officer K (Ryan Gosling), a new blade runner for the Los Angeles Police Department, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. His discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), a former blade runner who's been missing for 30 years.Visually stunning, but a plot that moves way too slowly and is rather dull to be enjoyed for almost 3 hours.
50 | Not to be missed on the big screen if you are a fan of the original film. A really great piece of science fiction that, surprisingly, manages to further explore not only the visual and audio aesthetic of the original film, but also the ideas of the original film, rather than exploiting and recycling them. Highly recommended viewing for Blade Runner fans!
45 | If I've said it once, I've said it a hundred times: I hate the idea of reboots and remake in general. It shows general lack of inspiration and originality that is drowning Hollywood. However, I'm not above admitting that there have been successful attempts at both - Nolan's Batman trilogy for one. It shouldn't be a surprise that when I first heard of the idea of a new Blade Runner I was horrified. I loved the original. I loved the ending of the original. Story is over, and we're left to ponder a few questions. I didn't read too much about the project, but I was further worried about Ridley Scott not directing even if he was producing it. I liked a few of the Villeneuve's movies that I've seen but was still disappointed. first thing that intrigued me was Gosling - I like his work and I like his choice of projects (short of LaLa Land). One thing was a certainty - I'd have to see it!I'm happy, satisfied and impressed. The movie hits on all cylinders. It is a really good film that stays true to the original in vision and feel while using the advancements in modern technology to enhance the experience.Same writer helps keep the feeling of continuity, cast did a fantastic job and I could see a couple nominations coming, alongside directing, cinematography and few technicals (I already took the over 9.5 on the nomination count).If I had to point out a flaw, and I should seeing how I took half a star of it would be the length: 167 minutes of the IMAX experience when original in the Final Cut version with all the extended scenes was 117. Extra fifty minutes were felt and could have been condensed by at least 30 through editing as well as story telling.See this movie! See the original first if you haven't. (Final Cut version, albeit edited for tv is available on Syfy on demand.) This is a film with watching on the big screen even with popcorn and pop prices being what they are in movies these days.
10 | If you put aside the impressive special effects, there is nothing to the film. I had the same feeling I get when watching a talk where the presenter could not bare to throw away useless slides that they spent too much time creating. Very, very tedious.
10 | Nearly 3 hours of my life I'll never get back. Best part was when it ended.
05 | The movie summarized under te listing for this film in Wikipedia does not resemble the movie showing in theaters in any way and my movie going partner couldn't make sense of this cinematic mess either. It was dreadfully dull as the backgrounds shown in the movie. Seemed like it was filmed in such high grain that it looks like photography from a U2 spy plane from the 1950s. There was not one second of joy in the entire 2:45 of torture, except for when the moment audience realizes it is over and they can go home. I'm not sure what people who liked this movie saw in it. If you're looking for a good time, this isn't it. The most redeeming thing about Bladerunner 2049 is that it makes you appreciate every other movie with a shred of entertainment value even more.
05 | The worst movie I have seen in years. The deafening loud droning noise was terrible. Don't wast your money.
50 | Deceiving, in the best way possible.
50 | This movie met and exceeded my expectations. From its dark dystopian and Gilliam-esque tone to the haunting Vangellis inspired score, what impressed me the most however was a story which was much more moving , thought provoking and clever than the source material. Worth seeing on the big screen. Do not miss this if you like your SciFi clever , deep and gorgeous.
50 | I saw it in the theater and initially reacted with the thought, "it's not as good as the original and the pacing was slow." After letting it sink in the visuals and deeper, thought provoking story won me over. So much so I want to see it again and will next week.
05 | Boring, slow, fell a sleep, Did I say boring. Story had not live to it. No magic, no heart. Did I say boring. Loud, obnoxious music, inappropriate to the scenes.
05 | Looking back on my 3 hour experience, I am filled with regret. Everyone was whack. No one followed through with anything. They would start off on a tangent and then just leave it. The plot was like the Sahara desert (long and dry). The emotions didn't match up with the characters. It was just weird. Go play golf. Don't waste your time. Like do the acting. Waited 2 hours for Harrison ford and got to see him for a solid 5 minutes.
50 | Enjoyed this moody noir very much.
15 | You know that type of person who is talented but so arrogant that they think they're better than they actually are? That is this movie. Visual effects were great, portrayal of the "new models" K and Luv, great. Questioning humanity, awesome. Unfortunately, I felt that was all overshadowed by the fact that it could've accomplished its goal in half the time. Additionally there was very little action, the "twist" was predicable, and the soundtrack would've fit better in a thriller or horror where the music actually foreshadowed some sort of event.
50 | Visually astounding, great performances and an exceptional story line. Harrison is still kicking it and Ryan Gosling carries the movie. Jared Leto gives a brilliant performance.
50 | This movie is quite a sci-fi masterpiece. It does an outstanding job of expanding on the iconic original. While some may complain that the move is long and slow at times, on the contrary, I felt like it was constantly tugging at my soul to further emerse myself in a very thought provoking and intelligent sci-fi movie. Don't drink a lot of fluids before or during the movie because you will not want to get up and miss any of it. To me it evoked very tense feelings through out the move and every time I thought I could predict how the plot was going to play out, a twist was right around the corner. For those looking for a high explosion ratio movie will be disappointed with Blade runner 2049. But if you are looking for the perfect extension of the 1982 Blade runner that touches on many relevant and thought provoking topics that need additional analysis and discussion then this is it. This movie is intelligent sci-fi at its best. Just like the original it will stand the test of time. Oh and Ryan Gosling was the perfect pick for Officer K. Obviously for us Blade runner fans I cannot heap any more praise on Harrison Ford he owns Decker!
25 | Not at like the first action packed BladeRunner this one had ?No Action???????I was so excited to see the movie only to be stocked and bored....???????This was a total RedBox flick.Felt like a long book.
20 | The first Blade Runner asked me what it means to be human. The sequel asks me to believe in a messiah.
10 | slow and boring, NEXT
05 | This movie was very predictable and extremely SLLLLOOOOWWWWW! There was very LITTLE plot!! They tried to continue the story line and it fell short.
30 | Good but took too long to tell the story.
10 | Boring, don?t waste your time. The movie moved really slow with little action and little dialogue.
50 | A masterpiece Of this century some would say better than the first movie!!!!!!!!
50 | Awesome, Fantastic. Fully worthy. Best movie in a long time.
10 | Boring and way too long. Could have cut an hour out of movie.
50 | If you like expressive acting, snappy and witty dialogue, tons of high octane and speed this movie is not for you. It's a great cinematic experience though. I loved the look and feel of it, the crazy lurching raspy synth soundtrack, the Sergio Leone opera long looks from spaghetti westerns . . Have people really forgotten getting immersed in something slow. Slow is cool and here it is beautiful.
20 | Good news! This is just as confusing as the original Bladerunner!
10 | Going on and on about how wonderful the backgrounds are or some other nuance that can be pulled out doesn't sound sophisticated. This movie is just plain boring. Everything they belabor to do (which is everything in the movie) fails. It was like watching the 1st 12 minutes of the original Planet of the Apes in a loop for 3 hours.
50 | Going into this movie, I was expecting myself to not be blown away.I was pleasantly surprised.People who saw this may think back on it and see it as a slow-moving, boring sci-fi movie with not much happening. Trust me, this is NOT the case. On the surface level it may seem that way, but with enough understanding and enough attention to detail, it's a brilliant work of art in every sense of the word. The soundtrack, the narrative structure, the tone and atmosphere all form together to make an unforgettable noir movie.
50 | ending was completely left field so much that it left me a little pissed but after googling I guess it made sense it was almost a perfect movie ending killed it 4.5/5
50 | I loved it so much, what a fantastic thought out sci-fi. great acting, great storyline, suspenseful, liked it alot.
50 | A modern day masterpiece.
45 | My god, Denis Villeneuve did it, he actually did it. He somehow managed to make a sequel to a cult-classic be somehow not only great on it's own two feet, but somehow even be better than the original Blade Runner. I'm, such at a loss of words right now I can't describe it. Round applause to this damn filmmaker for actually doing it, one i've been active supporting since I saw Enemy in theaters and as well as my favourite film of 2015 Sicario. So yes, as you can probably tell I came back from Blade Runner 2049, a sequel to a film that ultimately didn't need one but left some wiggle room for there to be a film set in that universe, absolutely floored and amazed by just how much Denis managed to seriously, and I mean this one hundred percent with no over-exaggeration, make this film somehow actually this film work.Now before though I gush over it, i should preference that smaller issues (which are normal for any film and thankfully don't take away from any heavy positives this film offers) such as often coincidental moments, often cheesy flashbacks, the story while competently told and does have some I think good twists did feel too straightforward and predictable, a bit of an annoying jump cuts that kind of break continuity with some scene transitions, and just Jared Leto's character feeling a bit too pointless for the film though thankfully redeemed himself performance wise after the disaster that was Suicide Squad do lean be back from making me fully liking the film, I can thankfully say everything else presented here is what's worth talking about.First off worth mentioning: The fucking spot on direction by Denis Villeneuve and his feel being present through the film and making it feel like both a film set in Blade Runner but also maintained a look that had his signature feel as a director, the absolutely must be emphasized GOREGOUS cinematography Roger Deakins offers that is so fantastic it's gonna make me actually mad if he doesn't win an oscar at this point, a score by Hans Zimmer that while sure isn't as iconic as Vengelis's score is still damn fine and is used to serve the film right, a solid script by Michael Green that I have to say is really well balanced in tone and i'm especially happy he wrote characters motivations and emotions through conversation and not through heavy expositional scenes, performances all around being surprisingly fantastic (the best of coming from Ana de Armas as Joi and even Ryan Gosling who plays Officer K super well and in character), little but still well set up action set pieces that don't serve as distractions but help progress the plot, an amazing sense of new gadgets, change and new look to Blade Runner that made me immediately connect to the world, a romance between Officer K and Joi that I honestly have to say despite how little dialogue is shared managed to be incredibly sweet and filled with a lot of heart and made both characters so likable, and lastly from an incredible usage of sound design that lets scenes sit without music or noise to add atmosphere and tension and more importantly the all around fantastic characters and main character arc Officer K has through the story that made the film easy to forgive its story for.So overall, I can't believe I'm about to say this, but Denis Villeneuve managed to craft not just an incredibly layered, thoughtful, and surprisingly new and fresh sequel to Blade Runner that does I think manage to hold on so well on it's own and in some respects is better than the first film (fitting it into the category of 'Films on Par with the Original', but also probably make what might be my favourite film of this year. Please Hollywood, keep letting this man do his projects for a mainstream audience because if he's serious doing a adaptation of Dune, please for the love of god let him do it. But still, a goddamn round of applause to Denis to making a competent sequel that actually managed to tell a neat albeit unnecessary sequel that is worthy of its praise.
10 | Slowest, dumbest, put me to sleep movie ever!!!ð???
50 | Blade Runner 2049 is an absolutely incredible movie... but, as much I liked it, I would only recommend it to a few people.Looking at other reviews there are a ton of dissenting opinions ranging from "masterpiece" to "terribly paced and boring." I think the difference between someone that can enjoy this film versus someone that would be bored to tears is if you 1) love the look of a truly lived-in, nuanced and beautiful interpretation of future versions of Los Angeles, San Diego and Las Vegas and 2) can enjoy being immersed and transported to these cities enough that you can enjoy a slower paced story that gradually unfolds to a satisfying conclusion.The art of the movie and the acting all around was superb, with maybe the exception of Jared Leto. He just tried to be a little too creepy in his role. Whereas Ryan Gosling, Robin Wright and others all played their roles with subtlety and a just a touch of mystery which was pitch perfect for the moody atmosphere of this film, only Leto breaks out into typically villainous monologues that defined his character as clearly "weird" but not that interesting.Again, I think a lot of why I enjoyed this film was because I enjoyed the art of the cyberpunk cities of the Blade Runner universe and enjoyed the glimpses of some hi-tech/ low-life William Gibson-esque type of people that inhabit these cities. The visuals were entertaining enough that there was always something in the world to appreciate even though it takes some time for plot points to develop.
15 | This movie was way too long, didn?t make sense at times, and was too weird. It started plots and sub-plots that went no where. I was so very disappointed!
10 | It was like they took a story that Could've easily been told in 30 min and stretched it out as long as they could to make a 2 hour and 45 min movie. It's slow paced. Missing background music/noise/ambience. It's literally almost 3 hours of quiet and talking and a sliver of action.I understood the storyline and I appreciate how it added to the original but to be honest the slow paced almost put me to sleep about 5 times throughout.I was very excited for this movie prior to watching it but now I'm wishing I wouldn't have wasted my money.Would not recommend to anyone to see it in theater at the very least. Wait til this B movie (If it can even be rated that high) goes to DVD and then maybe if you need a good nap you can pop it in. Lol
10 | This movie tries hard to not make a point, and clearly succeeded. Visually appealing, so never has incoherence ever looked so good.
45 | So glad I saw this in IMAX, this movie is gorgeous.
40 | It can be argued that Blade Runner: 2049 can holds its own with stunning visuals and meaningful storytelling. The long-awaited sequel boasts a plethora of dynamics and thematic elements that some might even say surpasses the first. 4/5
05 | We went watch this movie after reading excellent reviews on tomato. The reviews are highly misleading. This is an aweful movie. Please do not waste your time and money on this movie.
50 | Phenomenal movie... can't say it enough
50 | Masterpiece. It is absolutely stunning to see the range of reviews between 1 and 5 stars. I think that people who gave a rating of 1 star expected to see an Marvel or DC comics where there is no-sense action from the first second to the last. This is NOT the case with Blade Runner. It is meant to be slow, to make you think... Those who write in their review "do not go see this movie, total waste of time, save your money", make me laugh. Who are you to tell people what to watch and what not to watch. Yes this is a Masterpiece. The cinematography is amazing, the acting is amazing, the story is not obvious despite what some 1-star people like to say and the score is simply stunning. This is one if not the best sci fi movie ever made! Thumbs up Denis Villeneuve for an amazing feat. Better than the original!
25 | Painfully slow for the first hour. First thing wanted was to cut 45 minutes out of the film, all of which could have been taken from close-ups of Ryan Gosling doing his best confused-dog look with plenty left over for eye candy. A few more threads of plot would have been a nice addition, to fill in obvious continuity holes for those of us who did not stay up the night before re-watching the original on VHS. Much of the plotting suffered from over-familiarity, as when someone starts to tell a story the whole audience is supposed to know, and lets the telling tail off into "You know, yada, yada, yada..." The film never gets you to care much about any of the characters except Deckard, and you can't even bring yourself to hate the one-dimensional Wallace and his henchbeing. Visually arresting, titillating for the teen crowd, but without enough novelty to be intriguing and not enough breadth of scope to give you a real landscape in which to live in with the characters. The one really interesting departure-- the syntho-babe and hooker convergence-- had real potential but was dropped before it could get interesting. An overall disappointment, but I got the matinee discount, so the price/value ratio worked out.
50 | just go and watch it. best in 2017.
50 | Good God this movie has it all. The mind jogging SciFi concepts, an intriguing plot, a soundtrack that makes you feel like a cyber punk bad ass and OUT OF THIS WORLD VISUALS.
50 | Saw it in IMAX and absolutely loved it.
50 | Incredibly deep movie, just like the original. Those looking for just action will be disappointed, since the point of this movie is to cause you to think , not just allow you to sit back and have explosions on screen wash over you .
25 | As a huge Blade Runner fan I found this sequel to be a disappointment. The most obvious problem is the extreme 2 hour 44 minute runtime. Wayyy too long. It is a decent enough story but it could have been told in much less time with a better pace. It lacks the tremendous atmosphere which was a shining point of the original and puts this film in a more rugged dystopian environment rather than the jarring mostly night, high tech, wet original backdrop. It was an interesting plot but I wish it had been told in a more consumable end product.
10 | Worst movie ever. Total waste of lots of time. way too long and terrible story. Kept waiting for something but it just gets worse all the way to the bad ending. Those who liked it must have seen a different movie.
05 | The entire movie could have been 20 minutes long. 2 hours and 24 minutes of nothing! Save you money. A whole bag of Skittles can't make this movie good.
20 | Excellent photography and music. I nodded off a few times with the story.
05 | Slow, hardly an action. Not worth seeing
45 | This is exactly what I expected, and wanted, in a Blade Runner sequel. This is a great original story with outstanding visuals and a score that isn't distracting.
50 | Great sequel and hope for a series.
10 | Ridiculously loud for no reason. Plodding, boring story that amounts to very little
05 | I just saw this movie and don't know what all the good reviews are about. Did you people see the same movie I did??? This is one of the worst sequels ever and the soundtrack is really dumb! It could have been edited down to half the time and it would have been better but not by much.
50 | really long but also really good
50 | Masterpiece absolutely loved this film
50 | This is probably the best sequel I've ever seen for any movie let alone one of my all time favorite movies , I loved the blend of the past with the current and a really want to see a sequel please.
10 | Horrible! I was looking forward to seeing it but I was extremely disappointed! Too long, very slow and the sound was too loud. Two thumbs down!
40 | I wasn't expecting this film to answer so many questions raised in the first Blade Runner. If you liked the original, you need to see this.
40 | i thought it was an awesome movie
50 | Great movie, compliments and adds to the original Blade Runner.
50 | Very Good movie ????????
20 | VIsually stunning until I became bored. Narratively confusing and contradictory.
05 | Muito ruim. Enquanto o primeiro filme é uma reflexão interessante sobre a humanidade e a tecnologia, o segundo filme não acrescenta nada a nada. A aparição do Harrison Ford deixa o que já era ruim pior ainda. Por fim, é patética a cena clichê na qual o vilão supremo sequestra e explica o seu master plano malévolo ao herói do filme. Pura perda de tempo.
05 | If I wanted to watch a disappointing faux-sci-fi drama, I'd watch Inception again. The movie very much wants to evoke emotion and appear "deep", dragging every shot of every scene to excruciating lengths. There is no focus in the pacing and directing. The excessive number of slow panning shots could have been cut down and the atmosphere would have felt just as sterile and boring. The movie took so long to reach its point in every scene, that I repeatedly found myself asking "yes we knew this, so what?"Visually it's nowhere near the picturesque levels of the original, and the soundtrack was probably the weakest point. The blaring and monotonous "music" droned on for almost 3 hours straight yet probably used 3 notes in total.The protagonist is unlikable and humorless, a huge step down from the original, and there is not a single female character written with any depth. Hell, every scene with the protagonist's holographic AI girlfriend is cringe-worthy. Later we get a far-fetched drawn-out "threesome" with the hologram and a prostitute, a scene which could be explained away by saying it evokes the theme AI progress and what it means for sex and reality in the future. But let's not kid ourselves. The scene functions more as sex-fantasy eye-candy - something I'd have nothing against if it wasn't in a movie trying so hard to be melodramatic at the same time.
20 | Visually stunning and a great concept. That's the good bit. Sadly the storyline moved too slowly, the focus on paying homage to the original took away focus from telling the story to a new audience. The soundtrack was a distraction. The plot was poorly executed and dialogue lacking or doing little to tell the story. The focus felt wrong and foreshadowing badly placed. It's a shame. The concept was solid but everything else besides the visuals was just wrong.
20 | A visually stunning piece of story telling, shame it moves at a glacial pace with nothing overly exciting happening!
30 | Some fabulous cinematography but the movie dragged a bit. It could have been shortened by 1/2 hour.
50 | looking forward to see this movie in many Oscars categories as it deserve. It's mind blowing and just for those who really appreciate the art of movie making nowadays.
05 | massive waste of 165 mins.
50 | Possibly my favourite movie ever.....
05 | The most boring film I've ever seen... Waaay too long scenes, with a plot that absolutely have no sense. I get the message from it, but most of the story is just pointless. A guy who is the famous blade runner didnt know that his car is tracked... Where the f** did the bees came from in that dark land with no green. Why dont people just dont travel a few miles away to find all everything, were a piece of wood is soo expensive and a guy had a dog?! Got symbolism and second bottom to it, but story line had no sense. Trying to add more spice with extra sound effects that are copied almost in every film since inception. Got more emotions from the film trailers before the actual film. Thank god for Rayan Gosling, kept me awake.
05 | Worst movie I have ever seen, literally a waste of time...
45 | A must see, visual masterpiece, stunning acting, interesting plot!
50 | Wow. Never mind the awesome visuals of this bleak and troubled future. The sound! At times jarring, it intensifies the mood better than any soundtrack in a movie I've seen before.
05 | Superlong, superboring, supernonsensical movie. Watching it was excruciating. I couldn't get out, because I didn't want to hurt my friend's feelings (he seemed to somehow enjoy it), and I couldn't even take a nap, because the "music" was soooo loud. No plot whatsoever, no sense of building a story, a suspense, an idea, NOTHING. Waste of time and money. Critics who praise it shouldn't be called critics.
05 | Absolute snooze fest!!!
10 | THIS IS A real S#!T show!! After watching this my dad said," It's my birthday and I want my money back." My brother said, "this is worse than Jupiter ascending." But I disagree with that because Jupiter Ascending was only 1 hr 30 with some action while this movie was 3 FRICKIN hours of people sitting around and breathing. The only plus side was how hot Ryan Gosling was. Other than that I don't recommend.
40 | Blade Runner is among the 10 best movies of all times for me.And Villeneuve is one of my favorite directors.That said I was impatient to see BR:2049.This is visually stunning, slow, dark, and doesn't disappoint...Many years, many sci-fi movies passed since the original movie.Although I am not as thrilled as I was with the first one, this one also is destined to be a cult and a classic.
50 | Excellent, Stunning movie best of the best so far . I get it , all of us who have given an outstanding review get it . Unfortunately it will never be a blockbuster monster in the sense of Star Wars or any overhyped Marvel DC movie it will hold its own and will be appreciated in the long run -a cult classic that will be talked about and have great implications in technology in many future films produced from now on, a second screening is a must just for the sound /music effects there is a scene where there is absolutely no dialog and what he finds his emotions-expression says it all and the sound that is interwoven blends all in is masterful he doesn't have to tell us we see it all in his emotions without a word. I get it, its a masterpiece
10 | I saw the original. Wasn't impressed. I feel even worse about this new one. It was so slow, it was like watching hair grow. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, unless they needed a nap.
20 | Good acting but too slow.
50 | Nothing short of af Masterpiece.Visuals, soundtrack and performances.Harrison, Gosling and Hoeks in particular perform on an insane level.Villeneuve has done it again. Thank you for not screwing it Up. I know you wouldn't
50 | a well thought out movie that satisfies everything a movie should. A very lovable movie.
None | honestly not worth the physical and mental tole it will take on you. 0/10 would not recommended
50 | Bladerunner 2049 is a masterpiece. Which is not a word I throw around often when it comes to movies and an extreme rarity on the first viewing. The story is great, visuals stunning and the soundtrack is hauntingly beautiful. Despite being a direct sequel to the cult classic original; (which I personally didn't like other than a few of its moments) this film stands on it's own legs delivering a stand alone story that delves deep into the world's mythology and asks questions about what it means to be human.I can understand why its unique style (which takes queues from the first Bladerunner) might not be to everybody's taste and thus is reducing the box office success. The pacing is unrelentingly slow, there is no perceptible build up to a climactic third act and the action isn't romanticised and focused on like other Hollywood blockbusters. That's where this thing of beauty is born though. Despite the pacing, not once did I lose attention. Every frame, every shot and every moment was crafted like a statue out of marble. Every single scene was meticulously planned and every sound and musical note timed to perfection. All a result of Denis Villeneuve continued brilliance in directing.Strong performances from its plethora of great actors kept you in the moment. Ryan Gosling carried the film well with his portrayal of the soulless synthetic and Harrison Ford showed his best acting abilities that I have seen in a long time. Robin Right, Jared Leto and even Dave Bautista's small role were pulled off excellently too.There's not much that you can say about this film that won't in some way give spoilers but I implore anybody with the opportunity, to see this film IMAX while they can. It's a rare film that might only come once in a generation and is a must see in the best format available.10/10 Masterpiece
20 | The new (and annoying) remake of this year has been not a total flop, but a waste of time. Blade Runner, formerly in 82, was also a box office failure, but they considered it a cult movie, maintaining its pros and cons, but focusing on this stumbling film, there have been few mistakes that have led to misleading the direction of the film, as are the story, because the point of view is understood, but they have simplified it so much that it has become very commercial and very liosa, and above all, the duration is exaggerated, and the characters that are the most fastidious point of the film, since they do not give the veterans any script, which with the lack of these elements, the orientation of the film is unbalanced making it incomplete, and leaving blank the viewer.I apologize for the inconvenience for not criticizing this movie, and that of It. I hope they have gone through what I did.
50 | Director Denis Villeneuve, cinematographer Rodger Deakins, and actors Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford make this movie far more interesting than I initially expected. A perfect example of mainstream art films.
50 | Like Blade Runner, Blade Runner 2049 is about whether or not the protagonist is human. But really, if one who reads Nabokov, with feeling, is not human, what does it even mean to be human?I don't want to jump to conclusions after seeing this film once but it's got that slow burn that allows me to think about what I'm thinking about while I'm seeing it for the first time. It has the awesome style of Arrival (duh same director), the awesome plot of the Matrix, the awesome architecture of Gattaca and the awesome instinct of 2001: A Space Odyssey ... When people try too hard to grasp the truth, they find themselves bound by narratives created by others.
05 | 3 hours of my life that I will never get back. I seldom take the time to write reviews of movies because they are neither good enough to warrant a steller review or bad enough to warrant a rotten tomato. But in this case I am making an exception. At 3 hours long the movie is at least an hour too long. The plot is told in a disjointed way that makes it hard to follow. Its all-star cast is flat. the dialogue was uninspired and while the cinematography was superb, the film carried a self-indulgence that was over the top. Don't waste your time.
50 | Si no la comparas a saco con la original, es la hostia.
10 | Possibly the worst sci-fi sequel since Alien 3. Mind-numbingly slow at 163 minutes, this film would not have been good at half the length but at least we would have escaped sooner. Does Ryan Gosling know how to act? In this movie he didn't think it necessary to try, merely reciting his lines with the same deadpan expression throughout. Only when Harrison Ford appears does the pace pick up for a while as he makes a concerted attempt to kill Gosling's character. Would that he had succeeded and saved us from the final half hour. I am afraid those critics who claim to like this movie did not understand what was good about the original. There is more to 'great cinematography' than giving us three different colours of smog.
40 | It really helps to be familiar with the first movie, while a little long, it carried the story forward well!
50 | Possibly better than the original. Cinematography is excellent. While there is a long run time, and the twist is obvious, it's an entertaining expansion on the philosophy of Blade Runner.
50 | Visually gorgeous. Astonishing! I loved it!
40 | I'm not the biggest fan of the original, but had the impression the new one was worthwhile, so I watched Blade Runner: Final Cut last week in preparation.Â  What impression the first one made with the dark depressing rainy world, the new one did with the way technology continues to sell itself to humanity, taking a piece of our soul along the way.Â  Enjoyed the characters, the surprises, the drama and the unusually slow pace at times.Â  There was intense drama too, and Harrison Ford did more than just make a cameo.Â  The way the two films were connected worked well and I give it a thumbs up for big ideas and heartfelt hope for a future.
10 | We should all be glad that Philip K. Dick died before this movie came out. He didn't have to witness the travesty of his novel. It's cool to make movies about androids, but we shouldn't assume they are the largest audience. The real problem with this 2'45'' long movie is that the plot doesn't move quickly or cohere. Villeneuve asks for a lot of time and doesn't move the story forward. We end very close to where we began, in a film without climax, sense or motivation. While the cast has big names, the acting is unimpressive. Given the skills of some of the actors, including Robin Wright, we can probably assume that the director and script are at fault. Wright can act anything, but they didn't make the most of her here, and frankly, her character and its death were both gratuitous. There were too many plot lines in this movie, and none of them were resolved by the end. We just jumped from one slow, suggestive sequence to the other. Other members of the cast didn't even have Wright's potential. Ana de Armas, for example, seems to have made a career out of being cute. But trading off one's looks doesn't create great artistic effects, and Blade Runner is the poorer for her part in it. Gosling's range is limited and his smirk is ever present. Ford was more present on the screen, but had a smaller part and again, a non-sensical role.
50 | Instant classic. Fantastic sequel that aligns very well with the original. Finally a real, complete cinematic experience in sharp contrast to all the garbage put out today.
50 | Better than the original. Good continuing story-line with visual effects that undoubtedly fulfill the original intention of these movies. Beautiful cinematography that needs to be seen in a theatre with booming sound. Your 60" TV won't do it justice... don't wait for it to come on Netflix.
10 | So I think that this movie had a good story. I enjoyed everytime the bad lady named Luv was on screen. I would've enjoyed more of her. Instead I got a long drawn out boring snooze fest of a movie. Did we really need to watch Ryan Gosling walking around and looking at things for almost 3 hours? This is one of the films for those really deep people and I'm glad I'm not in that group. For me movies should entertain you in whatever way you prefer and sadly I was barely entertained at all.
25 | Beautifully conceived and shot, but failed to evoke the emotional response of the original. The film had some major pacing issues that largely ruined the movie for me. Would have been much better at under 2 hours, with a clearer plot line and fewer distractions, and the film didn't really break any new ground thematically for me. The soundtrack was overbearing and often clashed with the content of the film. I couldn't wait to get out of the theater after about an hour.
45 | One of the best movies this year. Though that?s not hard to be.
05 | It is for the first time in my life when I wanted to leave the movie theatre during a movie. It is pure mental torture. I recommend it only if you want to punish yourself. It will most certainly win some awards, as when people don't understand something they say it's art, but this is no art, it's torment. I love all the actors in this movie, but I can sadly say that I've wasted 163 minutes of my life on this picture. Any other movie would have been a better choice than this, and this comes from a person that watches at least one movie per day, from the classic pictures to the latest releases in the theatres.
50 | The filmography was fantastic! Ryan Gosling knew how to portray the Blade Runner Officer K very well. I loved the connection between Rick Deckard and his replicant daughter. The fight scene between K and the bad replicant is wicked! For those who love sci-fi, I highly recommend this movie!
50 | Blade Runner 2049 is the T-2 and Aliens of sequels. this is perfect sci-fi, go watch this movie you will not be disappointed.
35 | While the original Blade Runner was more of an action movie that asked big philosophical questions, Blade Runner 2049 seems to be more of a philosophical movie that has cool action scenes. The movies seem to be siblings sharing the same genetic material than a seamless story.
50 | A perfect continuation of the previous film, Blade Runner 2049 masterfully recreates the world of Blade Runner while remaining a very unique and special stand-alone film. In Blade Runner 2049, the question of what makes us humanly persists; the replicants are more advanced and humanistic than ever before, helping make one replicant's journey to discover a purpose or earn a soul as deeply personal as Roy's was in the original. Expanding upon the themes of its predecessor, Blade Runner 2049 also examines different interpretations of love and what the future may behold. All of the different perspectives and ideas that get tossed around in the movie help it to be a thought-provoking experience and go beyond being entertainment.When it was first announced that Denis Villeneuve (Arrival, Sicario) was to be the director, I knew the film was in safe hands. Villeneuve, paired with cinematographer Roger Deakins (Sicario, Skyfall), have created one of the best visual experiences in a movie to date, effectively utilizing today's modern technology to take what the first Blade Runner did and make it even better. The cinematography is the best I've seen all year; there are so many shots where I was just sitting there admiring what was on screen, thinking, "wow, that's awesome". There were several different interesting locations in the film and so many cool set designs, which lead to a variety of color grades and lighting. While keeping the darkness and aesthetic of the original, Villeneuve adds his own flair and direction, making the film from start to finish a stylish piece; the future that has been made is wondrous yet not too far-fetched. The animation work and CGI in the film are also stupendous, whether it be a flying car or a hologram, everything looks so real.Ryan Gosling plays the lead, Officer K, a blade runner like Deckard was, who's good at his job and doesn't say much. Gosling excellently captures the held-back emotion that his character experiences while working on his investigation and slowly starts to let out that emotion as the film progresses. There is one scene in particular where he discovers something big relative to the plot and Gosling's talents are once again put on full display, exhibiting an array of emotions such as anger, fear, and disbelief all in a brief few-second period. Harrison Ford reprises his famous role as Rick Deckard, and while onscreen less than initially expected, Ford is able to craft a new, wisened form of Deckard that adds a whole new layer to the film. Jared Leto plays Niander Wallace, the new Tyrell of sorts, and while he also has less screen time than expected, Leto does what he does best, create an intriguing, complex character. Although some may see Leto's character as the antagonist, his character is more so just morally ambiguous and unpredictable. In this role, Leto flashes disdain and creepiness, while remaining ambiguous enough that you never fully come to understand his character's true intentions, making it hard to label him as something so simple as a bad guy; sorry Leto haters, but he is here to stay. Ana De Armas plays Gosling's love interest in the film, Joi, and brings to the table a heartfelt performance and adds depth and intrigue to a character who is nothing more than an artificial program. De Armas makes you believe that her character is a real person and you feel sympathetic for Joi even though you know there are probably thousands of her out there. The chemistry between Gosling and De Armas is great, as they produce a fantastical romance that is touching to watch while technically not real and is one of the many interesting concepts presented that may or may not occur in the future. Slyvia Hoeks plays Luv, Niander Wallace's right-hand woman, and is intimidating and intense, specifically during the latter half of the movie. Mackenzie Davis, Robin Wright, and Dave Bautista also add to the many different perspectives and characters we see in the film with their own stories, helping the film truly feel like the grand Sci-Fi opera it is.In Blade Runner 2049, even the smaller things make a big difference. The futuristic costume designs that the different characters wear (besides Deckard who just wears a T-shirt) are neat takes on what future fashion will look like, the twists and turns of the story keep the audience engaged and captivated, and the few fight scenes we get are intense, practical, and hard-hitting. Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch's soundtrack stays close to Vangelis' while retaining its own unique style, both ethereal and powerful.Blade Runner 2049 will most certainly not be for everyone, as its two hours and forty-four-minute runtime can be taxing and the pacing of the film is much more like the tortoise than the hare (although remember, the tortoise ends up beating the hare). The plot won't appeal to everyone either. I recommend watching the original Blade Runner beforehand, preferably the final cut, just to get a taste of what you'll be seeing if you do plan on seeing the new one; receiving context never hurt anybody either. Blade Runner 2049 is a sequel but is also its own story, its own journey, and masterfully expands upon the concepts and features that made the original good; the movie even ends in a way so the potential of a third part is real, assuming the bomb at the box office fixes itself. Blade Runner 2049 is quite possibly the best movie I've seen in 2017, and most certainly will not be lost in time, like tears in the rain.
50 | Have read several pages of reviews on RT and what is most striking is the utter gulf between those praising and rating highly and those rating 1 star or less and condemning the film. Those condemning the film seem to be angry they did not perceive the experience like others thus their words of hate belie objectivity sometimes pleading for others not to like the movie as though each new praising review is a knife into their own way of being.Obviously many are of the super heroes Transformers comic book mind not used to having to bother to think in depth while watching their popcorn entertainment expecting continual action and comic one liners. Numbers of them have picked up on the other's criticism of the long movie length which most of the rest of us enjoyed. But hey, it wasn't actually that long for them either as many related they slept through parts of it. And doesn't that say a lot about their state of mind walking into theaters and the nature of their own intellect?
20 | Disappointed in the oversexualization of the female characters. Was in your face and distracting from the story line and visual interest of the landscape.
40 | Suspenseful, dark, unforgiving, and profound. It required an attentive viewing but what I found to be so perplexing was its creativity and unpredictability. Never knew for sure what was going to happen next and I found that to be so compelling. Unique in its birthright, a true noir detective film to its roots that is as ambitious as it is self-aware.
10 | BORINGDon?t act like this movie went somewhere. I predicted the shallow storyline that goslings character was the little kids memories from the start and then had to watch him stare at stuff for the next two hours. Those saying it was intellectual got caught up in Gosling and Pretty Cinema that lacked substance to the story.
None | Ridiculous and over the top rubbish, with no intensityA three some robot shag says it all. As for the plot, well, a five year old kid, could have thought of it. The original is far superior. Anyone calling this a masterpiece, needs sending to the funny farm!. Total dross, avoid
10 | Like wandering around a maze on moonless night....lost.
25 | I think I fell asleep a couple of times.....
35 | As visually impressive film as I've ever seen with some visuals rivaling that of Avatar. The story however dragged and some parts were dull. This is a long film with a lot of slow parts. Could have been edited better but overall a decent film. The visuals alone make this one to recommend and reflect my rating. The dullness and long drawn out story are not reflected in my rating.
30 | Well after the 35 minutes of reviews and 3 hours of movie which dragged on... Not a great time.
35 | Good but not great, some scenes are visually stunning but I found it dragged in parts and came out of the cinema feeling slightly unsatisfied after all the build up. Would maybe be improved if it was 30 mins shorter.
50 | exceptional cinematic experience: immerse yourselves in a dark noir
10 | Don't bother-nothing like the original movie. Again, the critics get paid to give a lousy movie a good score!! We need a new review company that is truly independent and not on the payroll of "somebody".
50 | A Masterpiece!!!! Visually Stimulating, a true nod to the original and it will take you back on a spiritually Journey like the first one did. It adds so much more than your looking for and cinematically takes you to places that films today simply are affraid to even dare. In time, like the first one, this will go down as a Sci Fi Masterpiece!!!
50 | A perfect eye and a pale near-void of complex, indecipherable patterns gives way to a sterile protein farm full of empty space; filled with a feeling of deprivation and loneliness. This is how Blade Runner 2049 begins before bringing us back to the wet, ultra-dense, black and neon maze of the super-city we know so well. This is how Denis Villeneuve lets us know right away that this is his movie, one full of reverence for the original, but a film that is much, much more than a mere homage.Villeneuve has always been much more Kubrickian than Ridley Scott ever was. In his best work, Scott was a great visionary and incredible composer, but he doesn't have quite the same feeling with the composition. Villeneuve continues to bring us transcendentally arresting visual arrangements, rather than copying Scott's style. This is an excellent choice because when you're picking up the thread of a work of art 35 years later, it's best to make your production your own.Once or twice I felt the dialogue might be a little on-the-nose to the themes, but I don't feel conclusive about this at all and I won't deduct from my grade. One thing is for sure, Villeneuve is not copying the original Blade Runner to any degree. There are a small handful of nods to the original, but this is such its own. The structure and pacing of this story is not at all a carbon copy of the first, and it does an excellent job of bringing you in sync with its rhythm.This is a challenging film, as it should be! There are many subtleties to the motivations of the characters. In particularly, there is a fight that moves from gunplay to fisticuffs that Gosling's character of "K" takes part in which I'm not entirely sure I understand the cause for, but I also don't see any clear break in logic to it, either. There are a great deal of elements to this work which are fine-tuned to evoke thought and contemplation. This is, again, in line with Kubrick's priorities and works.In some ways, this movie reminds me of Logan (2017). Naturally, Blade Runner 2049 was in production before that film was even released, so I would say it's more a matter of both of them tapping into some very classic themes; themes which seem to be very resonant at this moment.Nothing bad can be said about any of the dramatic talent. Everyone is the definition of pitch-perfect. The set work and special effects are all breathtaking. The music was for me almost 100% perfect and amazing, but the very loud and harsh "waahhh-ohhh" synth noises in "Sea Wall" (the music during the lead-up to the final confrontation) and reprised in the end credits music "Blade Runner" were not to my taste. They are anxiety-inducing with their timbre and tonality (probably intended) and also bring bad dubstep to mind, so this was an unfortunate negative piece for me. If they were a little different, it probably would have been much more welcome to me. As much as I dislike it, though, I can't imagine lowering the grade on an otherwise perfect film for a musical element that's only in the movie for not even a minute total split between two instances.Blade Runner 2049 possesses depth and integrality of meaning and emotion the equal of its predecessor, the original Blade Runner. It is a captivating and powerfully moving work of highest art, of the kind that is so very badly needed today. It is my most fervent wish that any further entry in this story maintains this level of excellence. To mar the existing works with a sequel that is anything less would be a crime.
50 | I like the original Blade Runner. I am not the biggest fan of it. But I appreciate it for what it is and enjoy the universe it is set in and it's immersive atmosphere.I was unsure what to expect with this movie. I was concerned that they were going to retread areas of the first movie and spoil it. As with all sequels you worry in what direction the movie is going to take given the source material. Thankfully 2049 only continues the Blade Runner universe and manages to recreate the same universe and atmosphere through it's amazing settings, locations, visuals, characters etc etc etc. It's just as immersive as the first film.without spoilers, the story i felt was compelling and had me engaged almost throughout trying to put together the pieces of the puzzle. The only thing I guess one could fault is that unlike the first movie, The story is clear and fully explained not leaving much to interpretation or imagination which is entirely subjective really.As time goes on, from when i saw the movie the more I enjoyed it and fully appreciate its dedication and appreciation of the source material. I'd thank the makers of this movie wholeheartedly that they didn't take any liberties over the source material like in recent sequels a.k.a Terminator genisys, Alien covenant, prometheus etc etc etc. And made an extremely good and faithful sequel.I would consider this movie a masterpiece of recent times. However by no means perfect. My first issue is the soundtrack, Although I do like! It seems like in places it doesn't know what to do with itself. At parts it pays great homage to Vangelis and on the other had it can sound quite generic in places with the hard bass squeeling and rumbling. I did enjoy the soundtrack greatly.... It does become a bit distinguishable half way throughMy second issue was slight pacing issues, Now the same could be said of the first however there were only very specific scenes where i felt the pacing drop and I felt frustrated and just wanted to move on. Trying not to spoil anything. It was pretty much all of the scenes with Jared Leto. Not his fault... it's just how the scenes were, they seemed drawn out and quite boring really... there wasn't great scenery or visuals to enjoy just long dialogue with long pauses and they came off a bit strange to me which was the intention...but with the length of these scenes, I just wanted it to move on and get back to the main characters who are in more interesting scenarios and scenery.And i would also say this needs to be experienced in a cinema, I cannot imagine the music and the sound effects having the same meaning or feeling at home on your T.VI have to give it a 5 though. No movie in recent time has made me want to watch it more than once at the cinema (which is what I'm going to do)
20 | Long, slow and took forever to get wherever it ended up. Disappointed! Another artsy fartsy flick!
50 | Blade Runner 2049 captures the imagination of the original and moves at light speed to connect to the future. This film is in one word, a masterpiece in filmmaking, sound, and a visual of a future where destructive images cloud the reality of hope.Rarely can a movie, that originally starred someone of the massive screen presence of Harrison Ford, been able to launch us to this "Brave New World". The haunting images of the ultimate price of destroying the earth and it's beauty to a somber, dark, lifeless cloud of despair. The robotics were not just the replicants, they were in those that survived, lost hope, sadness of a spirit that have lost its way.It was an easy fit for me since I was blown away by the first movie in 1982 and it's image of a future of advertising, robotics, flying vehicles and computer animation far ahead of its time. They pushed the envelope and brought us into the world of blade runners in pursuit of replicants and the programs who set their objectives and kept you on the edge of your seat. Rick Deckard can only be played by an angry Harrison Ford 30 years later who has that old guy hard guy toughness. We all knew someone like this when we were growing up. Ryan Gosling, in a surprise for me, nails it with his emotionless Agent K who has uncovered secrets that could change the very existence of earth. They work well together. It is difficult to top the Ridley Scott original, this movie built on that foundation and Dennis Villeneuve took it to the next level of the apocalyptic vision of destruction.Falling like snowflakes the toxic dust makes shadows of the surrounding daylight. The ash so densely fills the air snowplows keep the ravages of the horror in 2049 Los Angeles.Food needs to be processed in lab like conditions for any chance at survival. The sadness the director captures is well seen in the eyes of Lt. Joshi, played by Robin Wright. She is key in this movie as she transforms from an uncaring, play by the rules Lt. to doing what is right to change the direction of the planet.Imagine, like the one and only John Lennon, came to mind the next day after absorbing the opus I just witnessed. This movie is not for the short attention span crowd, you need to pay attention to the nuances and characters. I'd recommend watching the 1st film to give some backstory to what happened between the blade runners and replicants. Not mandatory just a fun watch. It takes us out of our comfort zone to that world of unbounded imagination. There is light at the end of the tunnel I hope you can see it in this movie. Enjoy! Well done.
05 | This movie was one of the most boring movies I have ever seen. A quarter of the theater was sleeping and snoring! Yes, snoring because nothing about this movie was entertaining. The trailers made it into a movie it was not...there wasn't any action but a few scenes. Besides that it was about one creation being born and figuring out who it was while avoiding being caught. I'd rather watch water boil than this movie. It had the potential to be amazing, but it fell way short from par.
45 | kaget pas cek bioskop, film ini udah mau habis masa putarnya.ternyata kalah laris ama pengabdi setan hehe. jadi buru2 nonton deh.personally, i like the concept, the visual, and ryan gosling is great for this kind of role hahaha. the movie need more wow scene or pretty girls though to attract more audiences xD
05 | Like others have said this movie was 2 hours too long. It could have done without half of the scenes in there. The music was loud for no reason, I guess it was trying to add drama to a scene that didn?t have any. Overall I went in expecting a great movie but ended up leaving underwhelmed and with my butt hurting. I really don?t recommend this movie unless you?re really a big fan.
40 | This film didn't pick anyone up by the nostrils because it didn't need to. It slowly, painfully presses its thumbs into your brain and shoots you through the heart.
25 | Slow. No meaning. But a few cool ideas. I wasn?t entertained as I had hoped to be. I dont see why it is getting high ratings. I like sci-fi but there needs to be something to it.
50 | I like long good movies, and Blade Runner 2049 was one of them.
50 | Incredible movie! Probably even better than the original!
50 | Ryan Gosling does a fine job dying in the snow, biological humans can be purpose built monsters, memories are everything, and Joi was a spectacular character. Anyone unmoved by this film, congrats you are at baseline.
50 | Absolutely incredible. But not for people who have a short attention span. Loyal to the original movie. Spine tingles.
40 | Denis Villeneuve did a good job with good respect to the orginal movie. I would suggest anyone going to watch this to watch the orginal 1st. It will add another dimension to the story. Only warning I will give is the movie is close to 3 hours. Make sure you are in comfortable seat!
50 | SEE THE FIRST ONE, then go enjoy this masterpiece. There are too many little hooks and references to the original that you won't want to miss.
None | Worst movie. Absolutely no action. It was a somber man walking or flying around the entire time. Can't believe others rated this so well.
45 | 9/10See it if you have not already..
45 | BR 2049 hat durch die grandiosen Bilder und die perfekt dazu abgestimmte Musik eine hypnotische Wirkung. Die beinahe furchterregende Länge von fast 2 3/4 Stunden wirken dadurch stark komprimiert. Das schaffen nur Meisterwerke!Wer sich kurz vor BR 2049 das Original angeschaut hat und diesen - wie ich - eher "Semi" fand, lasst euch nicht abschrecken, der zweite Teil ist deutlich besser! Ein Blick ist Blade Runner 2049 wert. Auch weil er mich von seinem Aufbau her ein bisschen an Villeneuve´s Vorgänger Film Arrival erinnert.
20 | unoriginal, over-inflated, disappointing. Misses the mark of the original
50 | This may be 2hrs 45 mins(roughly) long but the time flew by i loved it.
50 | Perfect cinema. A very worthy sequel. It builds a much bigger world, with totally engrossing story that questions what it is to be human, as well as adding a nod to the past with a superb thriller. Lots of stylistic themes from anime, and art house, masters and creations. But you'll come for the story and leave with one of the few movies worth owning a cinema to watch. The soundscape of this masterpiece is utterly gorgeous with again a nod to the past Vangelis. If you like a slow paced high minded Sci-Fi with real action and real characters you'll not find anything in the last year that can match this. One for the adults and those who like the original.
40 | The movie looks magnificent - see it in the theater.
05 | this movie is awful. it drags for the entire 3 hours and the music and sound are so loud. the original was much better and I expected more from this movie. lots of stuff added just for fluff.
40 | l-am vazut la imax. reuseste sa fie interesant pana la final , nu surprind ce urmeaza sa se intample. nu are o atmosfera memorabila, dar cinematografia este foarte buna . sunt multe replici care lasa de gandit si scene filozofice. am crezut ca se va termina pe la 70% din film, este lung, dar se sustine chiar daca grabeste pasul. scena de introducere a lui deckard este grozava. realismul scenelor , post industrial este buna. procesul evolutiei descoperirii identitatii lui K , anxietatea lui, este grozava. este un film care mi-a necesitat toata atentia in timpul lui .
35 | Director Denis Villeneuve depicts a controversial possibility for the future of AI that is both sexy and smart. Beautifully illustrated, yet unnecessarily slow, this film would better be categorized as a drama that examines the human condition.While the philosophy of desire and purpose are a large part of this story, the visuals take precedent over what could have been an impactful message. At nearly 3 hours long, the result is a movie that should have used it's time more wisely. Ryan Gosling's looks are more epic than the film itself.Still, Blade Runner 2049 is a well-constructed art piece that is likely to spark conversation.
40 | cinematic experience - outstanding; plot - predictable; on brand - yes; gender politics - eye rollll
10 | Too long, too slow,too loud, too boring, people walked out after one hour and I was so envious. 89%? I'd give it a 30%
45 | much better than any version of the original. builds on its conceptional and emotional themes and supersedes it visually and especially with use of sound. exceptionally excellent.
45 | Visual: 10Script: 9Actors: 9Music: 8
40 | ****One of my biggest problems with the original 'Blade Runner' was the lack of character development. I could never get attached or relate to any of the characters in that movie - meaning that all the grand visuals and euphoric music couldn't make up for the fact that I simply wasn't invested in what was taking place on screen. Thankfully, in Denis Villeneuve's sequel 'Blade Runner 2049', this problem is addressed; most notably with its protagonist, Ryan Gosling's Officer K, who is actually given a character arc and undergoes massive changes by the end of the movie. It's slow, but unlike the first movie, not boring. The plot is intricate enough to sustain the running time and I was never left feeling bored. Visually the film is spectacular also; with some of the best cinematography I've ever seen. It does run a bit too long and the conclusion feels a little rushed, but I found this sequel to be superior to the original in almost every way.
50 | Superb movie, I would delete few scenes but besides them it is one of the best movies made. Do not expect funny, action movie, it is drag out, it is crushing and depressing and I love it for it
50 | simply extraordinary.. "Avatar" of a nowadays.
40 | Very slow paced, but beautifully shot and managing to keep the story on a decent level overall, while adding new themes to the mix.
50 | A Masterpiece, worthy sequel and the best film this year but not for fans of Spoon fed super hero movies
50 | Saw it. Loved it. Masterpiece. Best sci Fi. Seeing again on Sunday.
50 | No me atrevo, confirmo que es la mejor película que ha aparecido en cartelera en lo que va del año y tal vez de la última década, entre refritos , re inicios o copias baratas, "Blade Runner 2049" es un caso realmente excepcional. 35 años después de la obra mítica que generó el concepto cyber punk y tech noir en el cine, además de dar pauta a decenas de materiales que hacen alusión al filme de culto de Ridley Scott, en esta secuela que al mismo tiempo funciona como un filme individual ( y no es que no sea fan de la visión original, pero hay que entender que no todos venimos de las visiones obscuras del futuro de la década de los 80), con una historia que profundiza aún más en este universo de lo sintético contra lo "real", lo humano contra lo divino y esa delgada línea entre la creación y devastación. Excelente ambientación y definitivo la fotografía a cargo del veterano Roger Deakins, hacen del filme de Denis Villenueve un espectáculo para la mente y vista y viceversa. Excelentes actuaciones de protagonistas, antagonistas y cameos de personajes clásicos, así como de actores reconocidos que participaron en este ambicioso y estético proyecto. En similitud al estilo de la primera entrega, su ritmo se apega al lenguaje del cine negro (no es cuestión racial) utilizando todo el lenguaje que en películas policíacas y suspenso prevalece. Pese a cambios drásticos como el director y la música ( en este caso no es de Vangelis), tiene toques novedosos, una visión diferente a este universo que conocemos el mundo de "Blade Runner" desde su presentación a mediados de los 80 hasta este punto en donde un filme se atreve decirle a la audiencia "veánme, los haré pensar, sentir, reflexionar" dejando la inquietante pregunta sobre "qué es lo real o ese concepto que utilizamos abiertamente como el de "realidad"...
50 | Holy shit that was a satisfying movie.
10 | Please do not go see Blade Runner 20145. It is possibly the worst movie of the year and a waste of 3 hours of your life. The tone deafening music screamed 100 times throughout the movie for the only purpose of waking you up from a nightmare. It was as if a bunch of college film students got together and made a movie with a deaf director. My ears hurt, my mind hurts and my life lost 3 hours. It was awful.
05 | Unnecessarily loud, slow, and shitty movie
35 | 3.5 out of 5. A little slow but good.
10 | I loved the original Blade Runner and went to see this movie full of expectations. What I saw was a load of so-so special effects and no story at all. The movie had nothing to add to the original and silly me I like to be entertained when I watch a movie. I have read that others think the visuals where great, they weren't, but even so that's no enough for a movie. Interesting that actors of that calibre agreed to be in this non-event.Kevin Bergin
50 | Wow, despite the new narrative and characters, I felt like I was back in the original story with the amazing visuals and mind blowing music. No home theater will ever be able to match the theater shaking sound that accompanied this movie. What an amazing achievement! The timing in scenes, the things that were implied but unsaid, all combined to make this movie a rare treat. Be warned though, the R rating is well justified!
50 | This is a very long movie, but I never once looked at the time. One of the best follow on movies I've seen in a very long time. An excellent cerebral thriller true to the original in every aspect. Definitely going to be another cult sci-fi classic.
30 | Would have been more entertaining at an hour and a half.
50 | Beautiful cinematography, incredible performances and filled with thought provoking themes, this is easily one of the best sci-fi movies in recent times.
50 | Amazing. The music alone is worth the price. IMAX 3D is simply breathtaking .
50 | Sensational follow up to the original and in many surpasses the original.
50 | One of my favourite movies this year! This movie literally ticks all the marks that, to me, make a great film; direction, acting, story, writing, cinematography. Then it goes on to add some of the most amazing effects I've seen this year, if not this decade, if not ever.
50 | Wow I usually never say sequels are better than the original, but this was better than the original. Villeneuve and Ridley Scott have truly made a master piece here.
40 | The score was way too loud and the font way too small. Also is way too long. A scene that feels like it can be 5 minutes is drawn out to 15 minutes. Fantastic shots and great performance from Sylvia Hoeks and Ana de Armas.
40 | Original came out when I was born in 1982 and I wasn't much of a fan. This iteration easily surpasses that version and pays homage to its strengths in thought provoking scenarios, minimal dialogue, ambiance, symbolism and depth. This is an intelligent sci-fi thriller with enough forward direction and interesting scenes to keep the viewer engaged in such a unique dystopian-high tech future. A refresher of the 1982 version is mandatory before going in. Blade Runner 2049 is the Mad Max Fury road of sequels in 2017.
45 | It's interesting how the question "What does it mean to be human?" is a major theme in the cyberpunk genre.
50 | A brilliantly well shot homage that?s almost as original as the original. I?d highly recommend it. The story is great and has some wonderful surprises, and the visuals as well as the music all pay tribute and keep the spirt of the original while also expanding the universe of Blade Runner. Definitely worth the money!!!
50 | The Lighting alone was an amazing thing to see. A must watch for anyone who wants to give their eyes a visual treat that will satisfy them for weeks.
50 | BRAVO! Damn! Rocked me to the bone. Smart, haunting, brutal, depressing and visually transformative! Why it took a beating at the box office? Doesn't make any sense.
05 | I love sci fi. I love dysotopia. I loved the original bladerunner. This however was a colossal waste of 2 hour and 44 minutes of my life.
10 | Hands down THE WORST movie i have ever seen in my life. It was like nails on a chalkboard. If you have a choice to watch the movie or jump off a bridge take the latter choice. The fact that this movie is doing well in the box office scares me but I now convinced That even a ding dong could writes a script to a movie.
50 | Really fantastic movie.
50 | And Bladerunner comes back 30 years later to remind us what great Sci-fi looks like. Great performances, plot that sticks with you, and some of the best cinematography and visuals you can find in a movie.
15 | Long drawn out looks, and no action. Fell asleep twice. Good movie if it had been done in half the time. If you go take your nodoz or lots of caffeine.
05 | Didn't make sense. Stupid movie.
30 | Puntaje Original: 6.0A pesar de su impactante despliegue audiovisual, Blade Runner 2049 está muy lejos de ser original, recurriendo a la nostalgia de un mucho mejor film origina.
50 | The best sequel of all time to the best sci-fi movie of all time. A masterpiece with incredibly sensational atmosphere, soundtrack and cinematography.
30 | played like the beginning of a series with a lot of loose ends. original is a cult classic for good reason, but this sequel is a melodramatic, derivative, 3x tme too long bore
10 | Oh god! The movie went WAY too long - it was like watching a turtle cross the desert while stopping every twenty feet to poop.Yeah great scenes and all that, but what was the plot? uness you read the book or the script ahead of time, it was IMPOSSIBLE to figure out.Wait for HBO or something - we are sorry we even saw this.
45 | A chilling film, the suspense had the hairs on my arms standing up. The colors matched the sound design so well it felt like you were immersed in a nightmare-ish prophecy of the future... and the performances were top notch!
05 | Worst most boring drawn out weekend killer. Stole 3 hours of my life
45 | It's good, but not as good as the first Blade Runner. The visuals and acting is the strong point of this film. I felt the same way about the original Blade Runner. I like the story this film was portraying, and the special effects were top notch. The action was well done too, but there wasn't enough of it in my opinion. The dialog is excellent and Ryan Gosling is still proving that he is one of the best actors out there. I am awarding this new Blade Runner installment an A.
10 | Wow, squandered 2 1/2 hours of my life.Rewatched the original last week, still a treat. But not this bilious overdone waste of time. Two pages of story and two hours of scenery shots. None of the plot elements stand any scrutiny, still not sure what the fuss was about. Wish I could be kind, but alas no. Just too much stupidity.
45 | The best Cinemagraphy of any movie this year hands down. If you loved the first one, you will for sure love this one. Great story, plot, script, acting.
30 | Realistic but too slow. Should have been edited down or made into tv series.
10 | Might be the worst high budget film I've ever watched. Absolutely miserable. lost 3 hours watching this thing.
50 | Absolutely remarkable film.
45 | So visual, so astounding, so well made, so damn long! But I was totally invested through out the runtime. Can't rate Ryan Gosling's performance very highly, feels like he's on autopilot through most of the film, save for a few moments. Blade Runner 2049 is a film experience all unto itself without the need to sequel bait or force a franchise out of it.
05 | Most boring movie ever wasted time and money
40 | Good follow-up to the original, with room to make this a trilogy. Hopefully they wait at least a decade.
50 | I cannot give this movie enough praise. Not only is this one of the best sequels I've ever seen, it is also one of the best movies I've ever seen.
None | what a bad movie. 0 entertainment value. i question the credibility of the "professional" critics who gave this fim collectively an 89% rating. can onlt think they get some preferntial treatment by the movie studio for giving bogus reviews that moviegoers rely on resulting in time and money wasted. same goes for majority of "amatuer " reviwers who i think are bogus and steathfully funded by movie studio to sucker in customers before word of mouth gets out what a crappy boring mess this movie is. no longer relying on rotten tomatoes to guide me to see or avoid a movie ever again after this slate of fake reviews.
50 | This is an example of how to do a perfect sequel.
35 | TrÃ¨s bien filmÃ©, trÃ¨s bien jouÃ©. trop long et histoire banale.
30 | I want my three hours back. I want my three hours back. I want my three hours back. Just simply way too long of a movie. But visually, unrivaled. The actors were superb. The story line, a little shaky but workable. I cannot tell you, though, how many times I just wanted to jump up and yell, "get to it already" during some painfully slow and ponderous moments.
45 | I thoroughly enjoyed this film it for its craft and the hard storytelling. I admit, it's not for everyone. Even some fans of the original film may take exception to a few scenes that don't line up with the BR universe (if you can call it that). But there's enough new material here to make it a wholly and completely independent story with its own clear message. Saw it once. Plan to see it again while still in the big house.
50 | A perfect continuation to a legendary story -- Blade Runner 2049 is a modern masterpiece.
50 | Stunning. To me, this film is perfection.
50 | Stunning storytelling, acting, direction, visuals, philosophy, action, quiet moments, sound. Pace could pick up, but otherwise a completely impressive package.
50 | A masterpiece built upon a masterpiece!
50 | If you loved the 1st movie then you'll really like & may very well love this movie too. Conversely if you were unmoved by Blade Runner or don't like to engage your brain in the theatre then stay away from this movie. It is a GREAT movie for fans of thoughtful & deeply philosophical sci-fi. Director Villeneuve, screenwriters Hampton & Green & the rest of an unusually fine cast & crew have done a near miraculous job at honoring & expanding a world & story that I didn't think could be furthered. This sequel is the Godfather II, The Empire Strikes Back or The Bourne Supremacy of sequels, BUT it is definitely for fans of the original movie.
50 | Visually spectacular, drenched in mood (as you'd expect from Villeneuve), and a stronger, more interesting script than the original. This, Arrival, and Ex Machina have made the 'Teens the decade for smart science fiction films.
50 | Beautiful cinematography and brilliant sequel
50 | Great sequel to Blade Runner. Cinematography and soundtrack are outstanding. I will be seeing it again.
50 | Blade runner 2049 stayed true to the original film by carrying through the conflicting emotional appeal and concern of life in a futuristic world intertwined with humans and lifelike robots. Each scene delivered outstanding visuals throughout the cinema. The storyline is simple but yet there is so much meaning to uncover.
25 | I felt really weird after watching this movie. Something of a disappointment and depression at the same time. I had this exact same feeling after watching one of those really gross Asian movies. I can say that I am not going to watch any movie where Leto has role. That guy makes me mad for some reason and I wish for his death in every movie that he was in.Story developed too slow and the director tried too hard to recreate the darkness that came naturally in the first movie. Settings were too artificial and too clean when it needed to be more gritty and dirty. Ford?s impact was minimal and killing of replicants were too gratuitous for the story line.You have to watch it if you liked the first one, but if you didn?t either like it or didn?t watch the first Blade Runner, wait till it come out in DVD.
50 | In 1982, Ridley Scott gave us a film adaptation of the Philip K. Dick novel "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" and titled it "Blade Runner." It escaped audiences, polarized critics, warranted multiple re-edits, and then eventually became a giant in the sci-fi world. It's flawed and confused (hence the multiple versions), yet undeniably engaging in its dark futuristic vision and mysterious story. However, with "2049," director Denis Villeneuve has turned in something timeless, brilliant and more assured. Perfectly matching the tone and aesthetics of the original, it still flies above it, and ultimately feels wholly its own.One difference is its tendencies. Where the original heavily leans into its film noir aspects, "2049" is more insistent on its heady sci-fi elements. We've got giant incestuous corporate corruption (creating products that buy other products), Siri/Alexa-like beings taken to the Nth degree, villainous powers-that-be lying to everyone about who and what they are. It's a dense and precise script, with dialogue good enough to chew on. Ryan Gosling is perfectly cast, Robin Wright is a national treasure, Jared Leto is a creepy beast, and the appearance of Harrison Ford as classic anti-hero Rick Deckard is a re-emergence for the ages.At this point, I'm convinced Villeneuve couldn't make a bad movie if he tried. The way he uses the actual art of filmmaking to get across his points almost seems second-nature. In one edit, the embers from a fire slowly fade into the lights of the city, indicating the futility of trying to contain something wild. It's a viscerally, aesthetically, emotionally and violently overwhelming film that not only builds on the original but surpasses it.
05 | It was horrible, I had no clue what was happening. I was so bored and it was so long and uninteresting. None of it made sense. The characters aren't developed well and you have no clue who they are or what side there meant to be on.
50 | The cinematography on an IMAX screen will take you breath away.
40 | Very worthy successor of the original. Not perfect but pretty damn good still.
10 | The first half was incredibly slow. The second half was a hard-to-follow sequence of disjointed plot points. Would have walked out of the movie after 30 minutes, if I didn't have to wait for my friends for a ride home.
10 | This is the most stupefyingly dimwitted ponderous and inarticulate movie I have ever had the misfortune to have to subject my bony arse too for a period of time on this planet I will never get back.Too long by .... oh at least 90 minutes... this is an abjectly pathetic attempt to tell a no story movie in cinematic slow-mo,while pretending its art.Sorry middle class 60 something's this might be your deep shit but you know like it's sooooo booring. And they even have the temerity to leave it open for another installment of dystopian (yawn) sick.Oh and by the way will Hollywood please stop with the strong evil kickboxing woman character who quite clearly need tos be put down and killed like a dog by the hero. Not big, not clever and certainly not effing original.A truly shit film. Be ashamed. Be very ashamed.
50 | Wow. That should be enough and you'll agree when you see it. Wow. Mind blown. Fears allayed (massive Blade Runner obsessive). Beautiful. Breathtaking. Epic. Instant Classic Masterpiece. Twice in one week and going in for a 3rd viewing. Just #Wow
50 | Absolutely breathtaking!
25 | I like all the action parts and all the special effects they had but in the beginning (as so one that's never heard of this movie or background) it doesn't really give a good subscription on how the future can to be or what is actually happening in this movie.
50 | Excellent. Very similar in feel to the first movie. Well done. Hope there's a third.
50 | It was a really good movie with no cheesy moments and I actually liked that it was long.
20 | Visually interesting but the plot was boring and couldn't keep my attention. I fell asleep twice and I never fell asleep at a movie theater before
50 | A great sequel and a visual feast!
50 | Absolutely ADORED it! As a big fan of sci fi in general, and especially Blade Runner , I was really pleased with the sequel. I truly had apprehensions, but I was pleasantly surprised.It was visually stunning , and although it wasn't Vangelis, the music was wonderful. *** SPOILER ALERT!!!***Only negative is that they didn't answer the question "was/is Deckard a Replicant!"
20 | Very very slow..little action...too long! Soundtrack great.
None | Now I thought this would be as good as the original but that?s not the case. Storyline is long and dragged out through out the entire movie..... if you?re still thinking about viewing I would wait till it becomes a rental.
40 | A great sequel that does the original proud, amazing visual effects scenery and soundtrack.
05 | Too long, boring, hard to find the plot. Bad ending.
10 | Awful - slow, boring - fell asleep! Depressing and hard to follow!
50 | The best sequel to Blade Runner anyone could possibly have made. Villeneuve and Deacons impress yet again, with one of Ryan Gosling's strongest performances to date.
50 | It lives up to the original masterpiece all the way. The magic is still there. I must confess that I was very skeptical on this production. But it really blew me away. I am a big fan of the original film so this had to do the job.
10 | Dark and gruesome with naked women. Worst movie I ever saw.
50 | Great unanswered A.I. questions. Ryan Gosling, Harrison Ford and Ana de Armas play great roles. Enjoyed every minute of this movie.
20 | gosh i was so bored at times. too long, too slow disappointing
35 | Dragged in parts and I don't have a complete recollection of the original but I can still enjoy the singular vision of director Villeneuve. The production design & visual effects are exquisite. Acting performances are bold, existential question of what makes you a human & the reality of memories are worth pondering.
05 | I watched this as a stand-alone film having no recollection or sentiments towards the original (one of those so-called sci-fi classics that just passed me by I'm afraid) and I can honestly say it bored me rigid. I would have slept through more of it if it hadn't been for the incessant loudness, keeping me awake through nearly 3 hours of desperately wanting something to happen. The Atari brand advertising was more embarrassing than nostalgic, as if anyone would believe they could be a big player in 2049. I consider myself to be a bit of a 3D aficionado and this was a really lazy conversion with no standout 3D moments to recall. Even the films cinematographer has come forward to say 'don't bother' with the 3D version. I saw this on the second night after opening in an almost-empty cinema, and the few people around me looked equally unimpressed. I guess this is one of those films that will forever bewilder me that it can score such consistently 5 star reviews from the critics, although it looks like even that won't stop it from becoming a commercial flop.
50 | Dugo nisam gledo ovak dobar sf kompa :)
10 | very boring and slow
50 | Great movie, it capture the same feel from the first movie. It had the twists that kept you watching. I'd watch it again in the theatre. If you loved the first Blade Runner then get your ass to the theatre and watch this one.
05 | Way too long and no climax, very loud, random, and confusing. Not a good movie. I was ready to leave but didn't because I payed for it. Just a dumb movie. DON'T WATCH!!!! Disappointing!
30 | Denis Villaneuve was the ideal director for this follow-up film because he excels in creating the dark visual world that the original Blade Runner resided in; if you liked that original film, there is little doubt that you will also enjoy this sequel.
40 | A film that takes all of what made the original a cult classic, and enhances it with amazing visuals and a better paced plot. The film is long at almost 3 hours, and albeit with a slow pace, is still gripping at every turn.A sequel that builds on the messages and themes of the original while giving audiences even more to think about.
50 | One words can describe this perfect sequel: Masterpiece
50 | Ridley Scott's original Blade Runner set up a world in which countless unique and unconventional stories could be told, it's only 35 years later that we're treated to another story in this harsh noir, neon drenched dystopia.Every frame, every shot is edited to perfection, the film oozes beauty from everywhere and surely, this enough to warrant an overlong and overdue Oscar for Roger Deakins.There is just about enough power in the synth from Hanz Zimmer and Benjamin WallFisch's dominant score but for every original note, you start to miss Vangelis and somewhat wish for his return; still, its excellent sounding stuff.The performances by all are terrific and it would be unfair to signal a stand out; everyone was at the top of their game.Every now and then, a blockbuster arrives with the intention of not just being the same, a film thats not afraid to challenge the audience, a film that is both mainstream and art - Of recent times, they've taken the form of Watchmen, Inception and Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.It is these films that realise that you don't have to throw action at the screen, you don't have to have a film that is so dumbfoundingly inept that spoon-feeding the audience becomes the only option.Blockbuster movies are meant to be fun and have just enough brain to counteract the brawn; Blade Runner 2049 is part of that group, and director Denis Villeneuve has once again delivered a masterpiece of filmmaking.
50 | awesome!!!! A master piece and one of the best remakes I have ever seen.
50 | While it can't claim to be as original as, well, the original, like any worthy sequel it takes the themes of that classic and digs deeper, letting the narrative breathe more than Scott's film was able to, and expanding the world beyond just inner Los Angeles. It's almost an hour longer than the Director's Cut of Blade Runner, but I found that the running time flew by, so much did the story and the trippy look of the film engross me.Gassner's production design and Deakins's cinematography are gorgeous, doing a good job of matching the look of the first film, while updating and evolving things, and adding greater variety to the environments. The giant Atari billboard made me smile. Oh, and I LOVE the cars.I dislike Jared Leto as an actor, and his typically overcooked performance tests the limits of my tolerance, but all other performances are fine. Gosling and Ford are both incredible, and Ana De Armas and Sylvia Hoeks, who I've never seen before, are very impressive as well.Overall, it's one of the most satisfying sequels I've ever seen, and a strong contender for movie of the year.
20 | Dense, boring, overly impressed with itself. Not entertaining unless you're really into sitting and watching very little happen. Sci-Fi hipsters will argue the other way, for sure. Might have been better at 40% runtime.
50 | Maybe one of the best sci-fi pictures of all times!
50 | The best science fiction movie in a decade. Villeneuve knows how to make you believe. This is a possible future.
50 | Excellent. Very good character development compared to most of the sloppy action movies you see.
50 | I was ten when the first Blade Runner came out. 35 years later I am blown away. Cinematography, concepts, plot, twists, character development, etc. This movie is a modern Sci-Fi Masterpiece. You've got to watch it with a brain wide open. This is nerd cocaine.... I will watch it again in theaters at least 2 more times.... If you haven't seen it, stop reading any reviews and see what you can take out of it. The movie, like the original, took on technology concepts and implicit interactions with known and coming tech. "just mind-blowing."
10 | doesn't even come close to the original!! Total waste of time
40 | Didn't bore me for such a slow film, props!
50 | It's not easy to capture lightning in a bottle. Perfectly recapturing the look, sound, feel, and unique blend of elements that defined the original Blade Runner is no small task. Capturing its substance is harder still. And yet this film does it perfectly. Director Denis Villeneuve and the others involved have succeeded in creating the rare sequel that perfectly recreates the style of its predecessor while expanding on its story and themes.Ryan Gosling stars as Officer K, a new model replicant who works for the LAPD "retiring" unstable older models. He lives alone, except for his house's holographic interface, who gives new meaning to the phrase "virtual girlfriend." Like all of the new models he's very good at his job and never questions orders. At least until a "routine retirement" turns up a secret that challenges everything he thought he knew about his nature, and could change the global balance of power- or plunge what's left of civilization into war.The original Blade Runner asked intriguing questions about what it means to be human. 2049 goes a step further, questioning the nature of what's real. Characters struggle with whether their memories are their own, someone else's, or something entirely manufactured. The mutual affection between K and his holographic girlfriend raises the question of whether an AI can truly feel, or if there's any way for her to become a real girl. And the enduring question from the ending original Blade Runner is still very much open.Visually this film is a masterpiece of bleakness. LA is still the shadowy, run down megatropolis it was before, just a little flashier and newer. Endless sheets of rain still pour down on darkened streets as streetlights and flashing signs struggle to illuminate the perpetual gloom and holographic ads offer pleasures of every kind to passersby.Only this time the streets don't seem so crowded as before. Which makes sense given that anyone who can afford to has bought passage off planet. Because if LA is dystopian the world beyond its walls is downright post-apocalyptic. San Diego is a wasteland of rust, Vegas haze shrouded tomb, frozen in time. And in between is only desolate emptiness as far as the eye can see. And it's all so artfully photographed and exquisitely atmospheric.Harrison Ford doesn't have as much screen time as the trailers might have suggested, but whenever he's on screen it's clear that he hasn't lost a beat. The weariness and slight grumpiness that seems to be his default setting these days serves him well as the reclusive old Deckard, gone semi-paranoid after so many years in hiding. He throws a mean punch for a man his age, and radiates a mix of anger, sadness, and tired resignation as he describes all that's transpired in the last thirty years. Gosling likewise excels in the frequent action scenes and gives a wonderfully nuanced performance as a man questioning who and what he really is.But it's Jared Leto who makes the strongest impression. As ruthless industrialist Niander Wallace- creator of the new generation of replicants- he is a study in contradictions. His manner is eerily emotionless, yet his gaze exudes brilliance and obsession. He calls the replicants his children and speaks of their destiny and need to grow, but treats them as disposable. And his zeal to propel mankind forward makes him merciless to anyone who stands in his way. We're not entirely sure what he is either. He seems to be a cyborg, but it's unclear how far the changes go, or if he might be something more artificial altogether. What I do know is that this performance is enough to redeem him for his overwrought turn as the Joker in Suicide Squad.If this movie has a fault it's that it stays too faithful to the original's grating synthesizer soundtrack, heavy on reverb and distortion. But then again, I suppose that it does fit the film's mood and add to the sense of tension when needed. And while the fights and shootouts are very good, nothing can match Deckard's battle with Roy in the last film. Blade Runner 2049 is not quite the original, but it comes very close. And for a movie like Blade Runner that's high praise indeed.
30 | Poetic. Cool scenery. I was never bored watching it, but it certainly wasn't exciting.
50 | Its very deep and very well executed. Its impressive how ahistory can continue like that so many years later! One of the best movies ever, its a masterpiece
45 | A gorgeously shot film that nails the pace and tone of the original. It's a mesmerizing sci-fi experience - and quite possibly, the greatest sequel ever made.
40 | A little long in parts but great science fiction film that was almost if not as good as the original.
45 | Visually stunning. I could have watched Deakins' imagery for another 3 hours, but the overindulgent converging plotlines and obvious sequel positioning takes away from efficient storytelling. I'll buy it and watch it many times, but I fear that the bloom will come off the rose much as the Matrix.
10 | This movie was the biggest piece of shit I've ever seen. The best part was when I got up to take a piss.
50 | From a film language and technical perspective i have to say i consider the sequel much better than the original. Blade runner was ahead of it's time in a philosophical and sci mood cyber punk way , but the sequel as a movie that drives emotions with audio and visual communication totally kills it and many other movies done to date.
50 | This is a detective story not a superhero movie, so adjust your expectations accordingly. It seamlessly incorporates all of the stark futurism of the original, and combines it with a continuation of the original story. The acting is superb. I had heard that Jared Leto's role was originally intended for David Bowie, and I think that may have been the only improvement possible to the casting choices. Jared does a fine job, but Bowie would have had more gravitas. RIP Starman. I never thought much of Gosling's acting - more of a pretty boy than actor, but I stand amazed by his performance. He embodied the perfect skin job Blade Runner, utterly resigned to his lot in life but feeling that twinge of humanity in the notion that he may be special. It comes across in many scenes with his digital girlfriend. There is a lot of action in this film but it isn't some monster horde or mutant uprising. Great villainy propels the story and the penultimate fight scene doesn't disappoint. It is at its heart a melancholy tale of an automaton coming to grips with his purpose. This is how you elevate the visual medium into art. This is no movie it is film. It is long so pee beforehand.
05 | Way too slow. Everything that the characters did were drawn out. Like there was one scene of the main character opening a little tin box and The scene was like 5 minutes! The first time I've come so close to walking out of a movie.
50 | Best movie I have seen in a long time. Perfect Sci-fi film.
10 | Save yourself the money - get yourself a Michael Bay or Christopher Nolan sound effects file and play over and over again at full volume during a heavy rain shower whilst staying in a tent.For the full experience - have a strobe light in the corner.Never mind the story or dialogue - it would fit on two pages at most.
50 | utterly gorgeous film. perfect sequel to what was one of the most influential science fiction movies of all time.
10 | This movie is a total waste of time and money. Harrison Ford did it for the money. Ryan Gosling could have put his energy toward a good script. Don't listen to the hype. Rent the original.
10 | Ling (almost 3 hours), slow (drags on for the first two hours) and as narratively interesting as the original. If you liked that one, you'll live this one.
50 | The original Blade Runner released to theaters in 1982 and was met with a middling response, enough so that it was considered both a financial and critical failure. The film did garner a small cult following and there were rumors of a director's cut that enhanced the film. Over the next ten years the film started to grow in popularity and Ridley Scott released the long rumored cut. This new version of the film drew even more attention and began to be talked about with great admiration as the deep themes of existence and the human condition were explored further, and the mystery of the ambiguity of its main character captured many people in long conversations of "human or replicant." It grew again in popularity and began to impress on a new generation of filmmakers; it influenced a whole look of a future dystopia. But like many artists, Scott was still not completely pleased with this version and fifteen years after the release of his "Director's Cut," put together the definitive version of the film simply named "The Final Cut." It is in this version that Blade Runner became known to be a sci-fi masterpiece and a beloved film for many movie fans. When the sequel to Blade Runner was announced, there was a lot riding on the film in stacking up to the original, considering the state of Hollywood today and their bastardizing of previous decades' films in the hopes of making a quick buck. However, Ridley Scott now in the Executive Producer role, brought together a team that would continue not only the story of the first, but further the ideas and conversations that were at the heart of Blade Runner. Blade Runner 2049 is not only a worthy successor to the original, but grows the legacy of this epic, highbrow tale.While Blade Runner 2049 is filled with gorgeous shots crafted by cinematographer Roger Deakins and shot by the talented and highly sought Denis Villeneuve, the performances by its small cast of actors is what resonates the most upon leaving the theater. Ryan Gosling's turn as Agent K is one of the greatest performances of emotion bubbling under the surface and quiet observation possibly ever seen. It shouldn't be surprising that this will be considered a career defining performance that depends more on expression; a fact conceded by the limited amount of dialogue that he engages. The standout performer in Blade Runner 2049 is the Cuban born Ana De Armas. Armas might be the film's most human character despite her transparent form. Her loving connection to K, is a connection she also shares with us because we view the story through K's eyes. This makes for a touching and palpable relationship with one of the year's best supporting characters instantaneously. Diving into the depths and the complexity of Joi and her role in the film would all but spoil most of the film and I don't want to ruin what would be a captivating first hand experience with these characters and the dynamics they share. Rounding out the cast of characters is Sylvia Hoeks and Jared Leto as the film's antagonists, Luv and Niander Wallace. The CEO and architect of Wallace Corporation and his multi-job assistant are used sparingly in the film, though the few scenes that feature them do a well enough job of keeping their presence felt throughout. Robin Wright as Lieutenant Joshi brings the hardened, grizzled aspect to the film and keeps Agent K's mentality in check. Much like she did in her minor role in Wonder Woman, Wright is a huge influence on our lead character and her influence still shows in our hero as they progress through the story. Lastly, Harrison Ford returns as Rick Deckard and turns in what is certainly his best performance in years. So much so, that talks have begun circling in spaces around the web of a possible "Best Supporting Actor" nomination during next year's Academy Awards. While I personally wouldn't go that far, Ford becomes the emotional anchor to the film as he brings a sense of warmth and familiarity to the film.This is director Denis Villeneuve's (Sicario, Arrival) first attempt at a film that is a part of a pre-existing franchise. The original Blade Runner is one of Villeneuve's favorite films and signing on to direct the sequel must have been a huge honor and a terrifying task. Working his magic like Villeneuve usually does, he has led the crafting one of the finest tuned pieces of filmmaking this side of the 2000s has seen. Villeneuve teams up with 13 time Oscar nominated Cinematographer Roger Deakins for a third time, and the German-born composer Hans Zimmer for the first time to try and make the sights and sounds of Los Angeles 2049 come to life. Fortunately for us this trio here is able to compose striking frames, magnetic sound composition, and partnering that with knee buckling production design makes Blade Runner 2049 a comfortably numb experience. As we embark on this journey, Villeneuve is able to use the camera to convey a longing for purpose, self-discovery, and the human condition. It's tightly focused frames that linger on characters and the backdrop of a dystopian Los Angeles that Villeneuve uses to his advantage in making us connect with the world because it evokes the thirst for existence that the characters are feeling. Deakins' cinematography is other worldly as he captures the large and eye popping corporation buildings that cast a shadow over the lowly beings that walk the paths of the drenched Los Angeles area. Some buildings of the past still stand as a reminder of what's come before, being used as a visual aid to remember that without the past we wouldn't have come as far as we have, and using that to inspire us to achieve bigger and better things. Villeneuve's ability to emit a feeling of claustrophobia is something he has brought to the table in each of his films thus far. His use of concentrated camerawork and small spaces constructs scenes that are more personal, and the dialogue that is exchanged between performers adds an inescapable intensity to every scenario. The use of lighting here is one of the biggest technical standouts in the film, and Villeneuve's casting of light or shadow upon the actors is a fascinating move. Deakins highlights this choice by enhancing the effects of light and shadow through his sharp shot composition and using that almost as if it were music because of the harmony it may bring, or the darkness that has befallen the characters. What may be flying under the radar during the experience with the film is how the sound design is utilized in small places. There is a stillness in many of those scenes that contain brief moments of the scuffing of a boot or a faucet suffering from pressure problems. It gives the world a sense of being in a dystopian wasteland and the occasional sounds we hear are that of the sparse wildlife that inhabit it.The general consensus seems to agree that Zimmer's score for the film is one of the weakest points because of the overbearing nature of the music. While the film occasionally suffers from a score that may seem like it's outdistancing the rest of the film, it still feels like it belongs in that world. It's a score that is reminiscent of the original Vangelis score that may give the fans a feeling of nostalgia of the synth driven scores from many 80's sci-fi films. One of the biggest causes for concern heading into Blade Runner 2049 was the imposing runtime of 164 minutes. As the predecessor ran 114 minutes and being able to do and say so much during that time, many believed that an extra hour of the neo-noir realm of Blade Runner may take it's toll and become a tedious effort rather than an exhilarating one. The film never wastes a single moment and Villeneuve constantly grabs our attention with each frame that moves before our very eyes. The way the plot unfolds keeps you enthralled and locked in with the narrative as it has you thirsting for the next bit of information that is yet to be revealed. This makes the runtime fly by with ease and when the film concludes it feels as if you've lived an entire lifetime during that duration. There are minor concerns heading into the film and very little amount of errors that may only end up arising based on your personal tastes. As mentioned previously, Blade Runner 2049 is a fine tuned effort with minimal room for error and Warner Bros., Denis Villeneuve, and the entire production showed up each and every day to deliver one of the most complete science-fiction films this century has seen.Blade Runner 2049, as you have read, is one of the best films of the year. It's a powerful and emotional journey through the life of the eyes of another. A film that has the ability to transport us into a realm that looks significantly different from the one we know, but feels eerily familiar because it's a path we're trending towards as a society. Blade Runner 2049, like all of Villeneuve's filmography defies genre expectations, and gives each moment the right amount of care and attention it deserves to showcase the human spirit triumphing in the darkest of times. Whether it's the figurative representation of purgatory saving a child of God from the grasps of the figurative representation of the devil, or a daughter discovering that her mathematical prowess can't help her solve all of life's problems, Denis Villeneuve understands what it takes to make his films resonate with audiences on a personal level. We are so immersed in the worlds and stories he creates because he takes us on a journey while holding our hand. Not in a way where he points at everything we see and explains it, but he allows the worlds and characters he builds to speak for themselves. That is why his entire filmography has such a unique, powerful, and inspiring voice not only to the medium, but to life itself. Blade Runner 2049 deals a lot with themes like "existence" and "humanity", and Villeneuve chooses to explore that here in such a profound and poignant way. Each scene feels imperative, and each character decision, action, or reaction holds so much emotional weight because we are given a reason to care for their journey. Earlier I briefly mentioned "The Human Condition", and in my personal opinion that is what Villeneuve prioritized in the underlying theme of the narrative. The Human Condition is, "the characteristics, key events, and situations which compose the essentials of human existence, such as birth, growth, emotionality, aspiration, conflict, and mortality." All of which are put on display in Blade Runner 2049. Not just for a single character, but multiple. Characters who experience birth, who grow up, who go through and begin to feel emotions and how they react to a stimulus. Then comes aspiration where characters are hopeful or ambitious in achieving a goal, and following that is their conflict along the way of attempting to achieve that goal, and finally having to confront mortality in the end. Blade Runner 2049 is a beautifully composed, constructed, and epic science-fiction odyssey of a lifetime that has a personal and human touch lying underneath it's ravishing canvas of visuals.Blade Runner 2049 gets a 98/100
45 | Beautiful, interesting and more engaging than the original.
30 | this is an epic film with big screen effects and it carries on from the other film. the music gives it a good feel and the way the film is filmed you get the atmosphere, it has a slow story with a twist and they keep the best at the end of the film. with the film almost 3 hours is a bit long so make sure you have a comfortable seat.
05 | It was extremely boring and slow.
45 | A triumph for the modern science fiction genre and blueprint for how sequels should be made-building upon both the established and the unknown from the predecessor. Gosling, Hoeks, and Leto give incredible performances (unfortunately Ford has a relatively lackluster role), the production design is the best you'll see all year, and the cinematography explores near every aspect of the film's decayed yet technicolor landscape. Just note the slow, noir-like pacing and disturbing grittiness is far from mass-appealing.
None | excellent! amazing visually and sound wise.. the story is as good..
50 | Supported by a beautiful light and picture, Blade runner 2049, like the original Blade runner re-visit the definition of what is humanity, and the role of our memory.
05 | I was waiting for the movie to get exciting. It was so boring. Like Waterworld on land.
30 | My Ten word movie review verdict: Denis's depressing dystopia,directed with deft but for some dull.
50 | This was a real audio and visual feast. Parts of the film looked stunning. The soundtrack was great too. This is a worthy successor to the iconic original film, which makes this extra special too. Go see it and enjoy a great film.
05 | Utter garbage. I don't understand why this is getting such high rating, must be the most overrated movie this year.Women in different states of nudity being murdered. Stereotypical black villains. Embarrassing teen boy sex fantasies, and something pseudo religious about how giving birth will lead to salvation. Combine this with a pacing that would make snail seem like a cheetah and you have an effective sleeping pill.This was three wasted hours of my life that I will never get back.
50 | worthy sequel to the original.
50 | Thoughtful, suspenseful and great development. Movie felt like it was paced in line with reading a thriller comic.
50 | What the hell is wrong with the detractors of this film!? Sure, it's not the best movie ever made but it's a damn fair claim to state that it has the chops to compete for one of the most incredible sci-fi films of the last 40 years. Eff those that don't like 2 1/2 + run times...if you spend more time being critical of films this long than you do your own life, you're a rotten tomato. This film was magnificent! Every shot was a veritable poem akin to an aged wine...slow to open but oh so satisfying in its' finish.
40 | On the technical side, Blade Runner 2049 is one of the greatest films ever. The beautiful visuals mixed with the outstanding cinematography make this a treat for the eyes. The story is interesting, but very, very slow. There were people snoring in my movie theater and I couldn't blame them. The movie has a lot of very boring parts and did not have to be 2 hours and 40 minutes. The movie is excellent though and I recommend it.
50 | Awesome.... even better than the original. Brillianty directed, great references to the original and wonderful development of the story. 5 Stars!
35 | Only two things that impressed me; Deakins' impressive cinematography and Zimmer-Wallfisch's powerful musical score. That's all.
50 | most groundbreaking film i've seen since 1982.
50 | Greatest science fiction film ever made
50 | Everything about this movie is outstanding!! Nothing more needs to be said.
50 | They did it. Those glorious geniuses did it.A meditative science fiction epic to keep us talking, guessing and analyzing, probably for the next many years. Beautiful melancholy. Haunting soul search. Riveting cinema :P
50 | From the first shot of this film to the very last moments I was hooked. The costumes, visual effects, sets, awesome props, lighting, floating cars and a soundtrack that is pure gold. This film will be stuck in my head throughout the year and into the next. Gosling and Harrison Ford were great along with the luv replicant who is seriously fierce and gorgeous.
10 | Hated it. So dark. So slow. So loud. The story line was ridiculous. The music (if you can call the noise music) made me want to bolt from the theater. The only positive thing I can say is the cinematography was above average. Save your money. No humor. No redemption.
50 | I seen this last night. Amazing Movie. Done very much in the manner of the first. Amazing Cinematography and it still leaves you drawing your own conclusions. A fantastic continuation yet it can just as easily be watched having never seen the first one.
50 | Great experience, and bring back the questions about life and our own humanity meaning.
10 | The movies was slow and long. I think the story was shallow. I fell asleep for about 5 mins.
50 | So good! See this film.
05 | The best thing about this movie was that I got some more AMC points. SLOW and DEPRESSING throughout. Never could figure out most of the story until I read the critic reviews for someone to shed light on it. Bright spots were acting from Harrison Ford and Robin Wright. But I would never watch this movie twice-once was hard enough.
50 | My favorite movie of the year. This movie was absolutely stunning. I think I mouthed the word "wow" on an almost continual basis through the whole thing. I loved it and I will be seeing it again before it leaves the theaters. So well done.
50 | Really enjoyed this excellent movie. I believe it will be a classic, time will tell.
50 | An excellent sequel, and a rare one that is actually better then the original. Well acted, well written, well filmed, great special effects, and an amazing story about what it means to be human and so much more. The original was groundbreaking and this sequel is also, while also maybe being the best movie of 2017.It is very long (around 2 hours and 40 minutes), but in my opinion it is better for it as it makes you become invested in the characters and the amazing Sci-Fi futuristic world. Do yourself a favor and watch the original and the 3 short films that connect it to this sequel (available on YouTube) before you watch it. It makes this movie make more sense and gives you a complete picture of this piece of epic cinema.
50 | Great movie, really makes you constantly think
30 | This movie is very slow and very long. My husband was going to see the movie so I went along even though I'm not a Blade Runner fan. I'm a Ryan Gosling fan so it was all good.Both of us agree the movie moved INCREDIBLY slow in some scenes. And the movie was very very long considering it moved slow made it seem longer.Sometimes I wondered what was the reason for the scene. Why was it there. Several scenes didn't have to be in the movie.My husband liked the movie. He thought it was very good.I say this may be this may be the first DVD to be edited to be a reasonable 2 hr watching time.Why was this sequel made 30 yrs after the original movie was released? The original fans of the original movie are in their 50- 70's!!!
10 | Boring, if I could get my money back I would. My wife feel asleep.
40 | Not quite as good as the original but definitely worth seeing if you like the original
30 | The pacing is too slow, and the payoff is disappointing. It is visually stunning and stayed true to the original. The music is nowhere near the quality of the Vangelis score. Can't wait for the director's cut to fix the flaws.
50 | Truly beautiful filmmaking on all levels. Stunning visuals hooked me immediately. Absorbing the subtleties and deciphering the amazingly presented philosophical, moral and ethical questions, choices, and results makes it brilliant. Im going to watch again and again.
50 | Superb film all the way around. Razor sharp script, superbly cast, and hot Texas cinematography make this worth seeing more than once. The characters are as sharply drawn as the landscape. Since there are no transformers, aliens, massive explosions, and comic book hooks, the film did not get the attention or box office or deserves. To learn that a Scotsman directed this western means I now must look at some of his other works.
50 | One of the best movies I've seen that were realesed in 2017, the story keeps you at the edge of your seat through the whole time and it's shot beautifully. Ryan Gosling did a really good job as "K" and Harrison Ford does an almost flawless job playing Rick Deckard
35 | visualmente imprecionante, pero yo no he tenido ningun contacto con la saga blade runner, pero un fanatico de estas peliculas en verdad la va a disfrutar, pero algo que realmente me disgusto es que sony buscaba minima excusa para hacerse publicidad a ellos mismos.
05 | How does this get good reviews?!?! It's shit. My Dad and I both fell asleep in the theater!! When I woke up the people beside me were on their phones writing bad reviews.
50 | Great movie! It is visually what I remember The original was when I was a kid. Wonderful to have that feeling recreated so many years later!!!
45 | Not too exciting, though I suppose that's the genre. Very good storytelling, interesting plot, loved the way it unfolded. Great character development. Blade Runner gave me a stoic attitude for most of the movie, it makes you use your brain, and for the rest made me feel like shit (because of tragedy, so for the right reasons)
50 | Lovely movie, very well crafted and a worthy successor to the original. I watched it with my father after seeing that one the previous day and we would elbow each other every time we spotted a reference. The fact that it actually took him to the cinema after seven years is a small miracle of its own.I didn't even feel the running time, even after it finished and I had been sitting for almost 3 hours on the cinema I wondered half hopeful "I hope there is an after credits scene"
50 | Blade Runner 2049 - Alan Humphrey, Rotten TomatoesThe dark and desolate Los Angeles depicted by Ridley Scott and Denis Villeneuve is a convincing one. Ecosystems have failed and humanity seems adrift, farms are experimental and the public seems lost in a sea of vice and hopelessness.Officer K is searching for something, and he has the capability and power to do it his way. The LAPD Detective, who routinely checks into his office only to be barraged with an intense exam of Orwellian complexity, is slowly uncovering clues to the whereabouts of a very important person. We don't know who or what, and yet can't help but feel completely reeled in as he goes about his work.In the meantime we are introduced to the futility of year 2049 farming, with Dave Bautista making a cameo as Sapper Morton, the old, defeated farmer representing a populace that's given up on itself.Ana de Armas as "Joi" the downloadable, storable but somehow mostly human hologram, shows us the future of romantic entertainment as a digi-girlfriend for Officer K, her cleverly displayed elements adding comic relief and emotional engagement in a way I haven't witnessed in a film before. Sure, her essence is borrowed from Star Trek and sure, de Armas can hold the male audience's attention with ease, but she isn't shoehorned into the film to do just that. There are two critical scenes involving "Luv" that, with her limitations in mind, give the audience a unique treat I won't dare ruin. And in a later scene that I also will not ruin, Joi utters the phrase "I love you" with a timing and meaning so powerful I nearly had to leave the theatre whilst crying. I am not a tear-jerker at the movies but will never forget the emotional engagement I had with this scene.Jared Leto's "Niander Wallace" is a powerful businessman and slave-owner who replicates Nexus 8 human clones and seeks to increase his power in the crumbling world. He has slaves, and he wants more. We don't really have enough time in this film, even given its near-3 hour run time, to understand more, but we don't need to at this time. He's only in the movie sporadically, but as usual, Leto's acting is superb.Harrison Ford as "Deckerd" was a welcome addition to Ford's resume. The true fans of this franchise will be excited to see him, while I found other elements in the film more enjoyable.The cinematography in BR 2049 is simply jaw-dropping, from the long exploration takes to the aerial shots to the immense live sets to the coloring of the radioactive sand of a post-apocalypse Nevada desert. Roger Deakins should win an Oscar for his work, and I think this time last last, he will. The lighting, colors, framing and camera work are all just awesome nd there really isn't a project in cinematic history that can match it. One particular confrontation scene involves a projector in Las Vegas partially reactivating stored performances of Elvis, Marlyn Monroe and countless colorful dancers, the main characters fighting and marching through the light while the show dazzles around them in interrupted bursts. An orgasmic visual treat of this level should be considered Oscar-grade stuff. and it is.The sound engineering in this movie is sublime, with an array of 80s-style synths amped to max with ear-piercing resonance, creating a tone of mystique confusion and despair that fully transport the view into the BR2049 universe. The soundtrack alone is enough of a reason to enjoy the film.The dialogue is sharp and concise, the writing clean, and the 7 or 8 characters featured interact with each other well. Ryan Reynolds showcases the best work of his career as a menacingly tough LAPD cop, who completely in-character and committed, his full conviction as an actor on display as he tears through opposition and barriers.Gun shots are fired, but only at the opportune moments and with precision and meaning. They are loud, resonating and deep with significance.The only complaints I have are minimal and barely worth mentioning: a dog can be clearly seen staring at his trainer in a late scene.And the run time of this film is a bit excessive -- there are many scenes that could simply have been edited down. I would have preferred a full 3 hours with more dialogue or more scenes of Leto's "Niander Wallace" explaining more about his grande vision.I have seen this film and will see it again this weekend on IMAX - which I recommend you all do as well. It is an epic masterpiece.
50 | This was a thoroughly enjoyable film. Will see twice.
10 | Slow, slow, slow, boring. Can?t believe this movie is so highly rated. It was a one hour movie crammed into 2:40 minutes.
10 | Disappointing. Who exactly did they make this exhausting dystopian nightmare for?
45 | There is one constant connecting the few naysayers among the critics of Blade Runner 2049: They all sound surprisingly like the naysayers of the original. The only real difference now is that, while a majority of critics panned the original and then slowly changed their minds, this time most critics are embracing and appreciating Blade Runner from the get-go. Only a paltry few, some of whom didn't like the original either, are panning it for much the same reasons the original was panned: It's too obscure, it's a mood piece that doesn't really hold up as a story, it's too long, it's more a series of set pieces than an engaging drama, etc.Given time, this Blade Runner, like the original, will also grow an audience beyond it's few critics and even it's fan base. Thats what this kind of film does - it comes on like a slow acting drug, that wallops it's audience in the beginning, then slowly drags it to a new place, and finally sinks in, long after they think they are done with it. The seeds that it plants in the psyche will eventually grow into the subconscious, where people find themselves having feelings about the film that they may not have had at first viewing.Of course, for some, the seeds will never germinate and they will be left with nothing to show but a feeling of 'what was that all about?' But for the rest, a feeling of quiet awe and understanding will begin to take shape. And, if they haven't seen it already, they will begin to see that Blade Runner is most importantly about humanity's inability to ever fully know, or finally define, what it really is, or what this ongoing evolutionary drama is all about. It also shows the audience a vision of a possible future, one that may already be on it's way; one where the things that make us human, especially love, much like the trees that no longer grow in 2049, find it hard to find a place to grow. And yet, like the small flowers that Joe finds at the foot of the dead tree where Rachel is buried, love and humanity still find a way to survive.So finally, eyeball to eyeball - and that was and is the first image in both films and the point of the whole drama - we have Voight-Kampff, the ultimate test of who is human and who is not. But with the technology, and the testing, comes the question: can the test be fool proof, or are we just fooling ourselves into believing that our testing really proves anything? Human or AI? What will be the ultimate difference, how will we tell the difference, and will it even matter when the replicants and AI decide not to take it anymore and then fight to take their place on the evolutionary ladder. Next up, replicant revolution, AI liberation, and the subservience of the human genome to a future where the world is reborn into something new, and yet love, the one ingredient that cannot be altered or done away with, is still at the heart of our common existence, and our humanity remains intact, in the 'miracle' of a new form.
45 | Incredible. THE film of 2017.
35 | The setting and pure cinematography was amazing. The pace was plodding but true to form. The unconventional story arc made the movie take way longer than it should have with better writing. Worth a watch, once.
20 | Sorry, since I didn't see Blade Runner, I was lost in this one. Also, in small print, there were two or three paragraphs, in the upper left hand corner of the screen, which explained the premise of the movie, which was ridiculous. That was a joke right from the start! Just had no clue what was going on. I did enjoy McKenzie Davis, the star in Halt and Catch Fire, a computer series on TV.
50 | Loved this movie. A work of art that doesn't want to shower you with answers but ask enough questions to keep you busy for a while.
50 | The quintessential science-fiction masterpiece of this century.
50 | Gorgeous and sublime.
50 | There are great films, then there are films that can change your life.I've seen 3 films that left a mark and changed the way I feel and think. These films also changed my perception on movies in general and they are very much reflected on my works.Fight ClubMemento(500) Days of SummerI never saw any of these films in the theater. I was too young when Fight Club and Memento were released while I didn't even remember (500) Days of Summer being released. So in a way I never truly had a complete experience with those films. Films are and will always be meant to be seen in the big screen (sorry, streaming). I always wanted to watch a movie that I will love in the cinema.And that's what exactly happened last Sunday when I watched Blade Runner 2049.I am in no way a critic. I am just a fan and a lover of films. So allow me to indulge myself by writing why Blade Runner 2049 became one of my favorite films of all time.Let me start by saying that I didn't like the original Blade Runner. I know it sounds blasphemous considering it's a cult classic and is highly regarded as one of the most influential sci-fi films of all time. But for me, it felt too dragging and predictable at times. So I went to see 2049 with tempered expectations. I mean, I could've just skipped it and waited for it on HBO but seeing director Denis Villeneuve's previous works (Prisoners, Enemy, Sicario, Arrival) I had this gut feel that he would do something special. I'm glad I didn't skip because my gut feel was damn right.Rarely do you see a blockbuster filled with depth and so many layers. After the credits rolled all I could say was "What?" because it's tough to digest everything at first. But after thinking about it, together with reading articles and watching videos about it, I started to understand the movie which eventually led to me loving it. I read comments about it saying that the film tried to say a lot of things which eventually resulted in it being messy. While I agree that the film tries to say a lot, I don't think that it's messy. For me, it actually depicted the mind of someone who's asking what it means to be human. Asking that question will lead to more questions than answers. That is what happens to Ryan Gosling's Officer K.Officer K is somehow trying to find his place in the world. This resonates with me a lot because I'm at the point in my life where I feel lost and I can't seem to figure out where I should be. The film also asks what it means to be alive and what it is that makes us special. K lived his entire life knowing that he's just a replicant hunting other replicants. Nothing more, nothing less. So when he discovered something that showed him he might be more than just a Blade Runner, he believed it. He believed that he is special, that there is more to his life than just the routine. He believed that there is more to him that what people say. That was the first time he felt truly special. But it turns out (spoiler alert!) that he's just a decoy. He wasn't so special after all. In a way, I can connect with that as well. Sometimes I ask myself if there's more to life than the routine and the norm. Like K, I want to be special. I want to feel like I'm important and I mean something. I grew up in an environment where people downplay this longing and tell me I shouldn't go after what I want. It makes me think that I'm just a peg in a board game and someone else is playing it. I feel like a small piece in a grand scheme just like how the replicants are. It makes me feel irrelevant. Eventually, K accepted the fact that he's just a piece and played his part knowing that there's a bigger picture. I think he felt like that was his true purpose, being one of the catalysts of change. Unlike K though, I've yet to accept that I'm just a peg and I still haven't discovered my true individual purpose.blade-runner-2049These are just some of the realizations I had that prove Blade Runner 2049 is a very deep, philosophical film. Based on the articles I've read, people always got something different from it and that's why I love it. The film is open to interpretation because of how layered it is. At the heart of Villeneuve's films, you'll always see humanity in them and 2049 is a prime example. I'd like to believe that this is Villeneuve at his best.My only gripe with the film is that it's a tad too long. Maybe that's one of the main reasons why other people are hesitant to watch it and might've contributed to it's somewhat poor performance at the box office. Less people who watched means less people I can talk to and discuss about my feelings for it. But other than that, the film is really great. The cinematography by Roger Deakins is near-perfect. Give that man his Oscar already. Almost every shot looks stunning. It's gorgeous. If the philosophical story doesn't pique your interest, then watch it only for the visuals. It's worth your money, promise. I really hope that it goes down as a sci-fi classic much like its predecessor.I can't wait to buy my own original DVD and watch it over and over again to discover more layers. But while it's still in the cinemas, go watch it and experience one of the best movies ever made.I will probably watch it again in IMAX.
45 | About the only thing wrong with this movie is the soundtrack. It's one of Hans Zimmers worst if not THE worst he's ever done. Which doesn't make sense because he's the king of synth. There are moments it good but mostly its just loud, I mean deafenly loud brass fart noises for no reason. Doesn't sound good.Everything else about the movie is great. It's a shame it was shot in digital because it shows. It's got that greyish concret look to it but shots are well done and scenes really draw you in.The tech looks great. I love the little details found in every environment and each scene last long enough to give you time to look around.Was expecting a cash grab but got a really good original sequel. This movie is also compatible with every other version of the original Blade Runner by avoiding answering the question that I never asked but apparently everyone else has.
40 | Good acting, cool music soundtrack, carries a level of depth to it. Keeps with the vision of the original film. I love this movie because it's cinematic art. The ending was bad though-- just kinda like huh...ok, let's go home I guess kinda feeling.
40 | This was not a perfect movie with the perfect balance of action/humor and drama (like Wonder Woman) but it was so visually stunning & had such great music. It was more like art then just a movie. Only a quiet mind can truly appreciate this film. People with short attention spans or have trouble becoming one with the movie they're watching might find it too long and too slow. This movie did take it's time.. like Pink Floyd takes their time. It's an interesting and imaginative look at the future. The use of reflected water was overdone at times, why does an underground group in the sewers have beautiful and intentional water reflections everywhere, for instance. Too slow for kids or for ppl who have to check their phones every few minutes. Great for me.
50 | Stays true to the spirit of the original. A must watch at the theater, preferably on IMAX.
50 | The original Blade Runner is one of my all time favourite films and one that I have always felt did not need a sequel.With Blade Runner 2049, we have that unnecessary sequel and after reading some positive reviews I decided to see it in IMAX 3D to give it every possible chance of living up to its predecessor.Right from the start the soundtrack brings the feeling of the original with resounding synthesiser tones, but also gives something new in jarring bass notes which can be felt as much as heard. The visuals too are new, but with a huge dose of what made the original such a treat for the eyes. Gone is the excessive film grain and it has been replaced with environmental factors like rain, snow and dust. The sense of scale is as impressive as the whole film is beautiful, the viewer wanting to absorb every minute detail. It's rare for me to recommend 3D over 2D, but here it is staggering, especially when you consider that it was filmed in 2D and converted post production. True, the film relies very heavily on CGI making a post production 3D conversion easier, but it is done seamlessly and it's impossible to see where the live action ends and the CGI begins, except where it is necessary to the context of the film.The plot, the script, the acting and overall pace are superb, to the extent that I literally spent much of the 163 minute running time on the edge of my seat. A long film, but one which doesn't feel long at all.Having seen Blade Runner and Blade Runner 2049 almost back to back I am very glad to say that this unnecessary sequel is every bit as good as the original, but in somewhat different ways and if you get a chance to see it in IMAX 3D then you should.
40 | Great Story, Great Acting, Great surprise. My only problems are the slow pacing and the unsatisfying ending.
20 | The film is dreadfully slow, difficult to understand every plot if you have not watch the previous movie, the camera work combine with sound effect feel like watching a horror movie more than a Sci-fi. Acting is not particularly wonderful, waste of good actors.
50 | Gotta say I enjoyed it. Very good follow up from the first movie.
40 | The rare sequel that truly merits its existence, updating and expanding the themes of the 1982 original to bring them from the 20th century into the 21st.
50 | Beautiful ,amazing and unique expression of lights....
40 | a beautiful, beautiful film. blade runner 2049 picks up 30 years after the events of the original film, itself inspired by a short story, capturing a similar sense of reflective mood and mystery. but what director villeneuve (director of "arrival", another film based on a short story) brings to the table is a mediative vision that simultaneously captures the alienation (our main character is often alone) and inhumanity of man (human life is a product to be marketed) as well as glimmers of the best of humanity (selflessness, ironically, reflected most clearly by non-humans).
25 | Not bad but way to long
50 | Great film. Everyone gives a great performance and the visuals are incredible. This is a movie that is a must watch in the theaters. But unfortunately no one is watching it. Which is a little surprising for how big the original film was. The film does a very good Job by laying out it?s story. A lot of the great twist interns to drive story forward as well. This will appeal to any sci-fi fan or anyone who love the original. It does a great job by building off the original film rather than going off the beaten path and doing something that is too far fetched. The score also is incredible and it gives a great tone to the film. I believe this will be nominated for best visuals, best score, and best picture of the year. Go watch the movie its worth every 2 hours and 44 minutes.
15 | Slow, stretched out with meaningless underwhelming scenes. The story is unfulfilling. There's so much focus to carry the film's on holograms and graphic images that don't captivate or inspire. Needs to be significantly shorter, add some depth to the plot, utilize the rebel parties.
40 | Outstanding visuals and production. Engaging story with a well developed connection to the original. Just could have benefited from some strategic editing.
45 | Absolutely brilliant film. Best part of three hours flew by
50 | Good move if you like the first one you will like this one
35 | I had a hard time deciding about this and I ended up here. It was trying really hard to be a masterpiece, but ended well short. The overall story was well-developed and good acting. The pacing was even, but unnecessarily slow. The design of the world was grand and visionary, but not completely believable considering this is really only supposed to be 32 years in the future. It aimed high, which is more than I can say for most movies.
50 | Great aesthetics and soundscape
20 | While I'm no professional movie critic, and don't have all the professional jargon down for all the ways this movie failed for me, I will give it my best shot. Neither me nor my husband thought this movie was good. First of all, it was WAAAAAAY TOO LONG!! We thought it would never end! Second, it was BORING. There were so many slow parts! Seriously, if they would have edited out all the non-important scenes in this movie, the movie would have only lasted one hour instead of three. Third, NO CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT. So,what did it have that was good? Well, Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford are great actors. That's it though. It's perplexing to me that these two big actors would choose to star in this lengthy snore fest.
50 | Stunning cinematography and a fantastic storyline... and continued grappling with what it means to be human.
50 | I was surprised by how well they continued the story of the first blade runner, while maintaining the same feeling of existential wonder and plot driven intrigue that made the first such a magical experience. The characters are well acted, the effects are gripping yet not over the top, and even though it's long and moves a bit slow at times, it never stops moving and keeping you curious about what happens next. I actually failed to predict the end of the story, and was pleasantly surprised by the twist they had sewn in. If you like the first blade runner, this movie is a must see.
20 | It excels in its stunning visuals that really do live up to the hype but ultimately was left wondering: what the hell is going on? And where is this going? Sorry but not a fan
50 | Amazing visual and storyline! Way to go!
30 | Beautiful cinematography, excessive runtime, thin on story, hardly any Harrison Ford, retconned the original by proposing a rather absurd scenario, ends without a real conclusion and more questions than answers, leading viewers to ponder an additional sequel, or God forbid, a cinematic universe. As a die hard fan of the original, which I own several versions of, I was disappointed. it's not a terrible movie, but it is badly flawed and does not live up to the hype. In short, this movie was completely unnecessary.
10 | Incredibly overrated. What could have been a great movie (special effects, photography) turns out yo be a protracted, maudlin, cliched, human-race gloryfing melodrama culminating in a kill-billesque final scene. A total waste of 100 million + dollars.
15 | Diolgue drowned out by background music, a slow story line, predictable with the films hype far greater than what the film is worth
50 | A truly electrifying, visual masterpiece of a sequel! Like the original, it's a slow-burn, neo-noir detective mystery but perhaps with a more richly compelling plot elevated by its intense acting-performances & an absolutely flawless recreation of the colossal, searingly atmospheric sci-fi setting. The deliberate pacing can be a challenge for the more casual viewer but it offers so much in every single frame (Roger Deakin's insanely amazing cinematography to top it off!). It's just as bold as the first film if not more disturbing, which is quite commendable for any sequel.
50 | 35 years after its predecessor, Blade Runner 2049 delivers the same careful filmmaking and thought-provoking ideas about memories and humanity; a visual sensory experience from start to finish
40 | Little too long but well done
50 | Perhaps the only time I have seen a movie sequel that is every bit as good and imaginative as the original, especially when there has been such a long time between the two! Ryan Gosling was better than I've ever seen him, Robin Wright was fantastic, and everything about this was just so classic and classy, just like the first film! I can't recommend this movie highly enough!
20 | let's get this out of the way,blade runner is one of my all time favourite movies and still holds up today.now 2049,the cinematography should win an Oscar if not it's a travesty;from the open to the close it's a stunning movie from lightning to colour it's beautiful.when it comes to the movie it's an artsy lovers dream,looooonnnnggg panning shots,terrible editing(half of the movie could have been cut)the list goes on.The acting is top class,story very good and a nice twist that sets it apart from the 1st it's just too long and self indulgent.There is a great movie screaming but there is too many inconsistences and scenes that should have been cut.cut the fat to blade runners 2 hours and you have a 3 to 4 star movie.very very disappointing.
50 | This movie was stunning to watch from beginning to end. The visual effects and cgi, incredible cinematography and intense sound and score made for an awesome cinematic experience. It is long and slow paced but it is one of the most artistic and creative movies I have seen and a while and should be experienced and appreciated for such. Maybe people that didn't like it were too basic and not woke enough to appreciate it and if that is you, I'm sorry.
25 | Why mess with the classic it's OK but why o why try to remake the first ones all ways best.......
25 | The movie is pretentions and obvious. It is not a worthy sequel to a very good original. It has arthouse pretensions without the content to back this up
05 | Made me want to pull my eyeballs out of my head.
50 | The only complaint I have about this movie is the unnecessarily loud synthesizer tones at about 4 points in the movie. A large part of the audience was covering their ears. A movie shouldn't hurt.
50 | Amazingly immersive. Great acting and story. One of my favorite movies of all time. Only long if you're not interested.
50 | Brilliant! Don't miss it!
30 | Given the current Hollywood climate of endless reboots, sequels, and soft remakes, Blade Runner 2049 is refreshing in that it neither attempts to merely repeat the story of the first film with flashier effects, nor does it compromise its vision with obligatory action set pieces, dumbed down dialogue, and brisk pacing. Of course there is still action and flash in this film, but it takes as much time as it wants to build up to it. What we end up with is a film that offers a new experience while still largely remaining true to the feel of its predecessor, which is possibly one of the biggest compliments you could say about a sequel. However, 2049 was a bit of a give and take situation for me. On the one hand, I feel that the story was a marginal improvement over the first film with a greater sense of mystery, more dramatic moments, and characters having more personal stakes in the narrative. On the other, the soundtrack was a bit of a downgrade from Vangelis' serene atmospheric compositions. Harmonic synth is instead replaced with oppressive percussion, which I get is part of Hans Zimmer's signature style, but god dammit, if there was ever a time for him to break out of his shell and just do a classic franchise justice, this would be it. Daft Punk would have been much better suited for this job, having already done the soundtrack for Tron Legacy and sharing a similar style to Vangelis. Visually, 2049 also doesn't quite achieve the same level of immersion as the first film due to there being a few too many scenes shot in broad daylight and outside the bounds of the beautiful muddied metropolis of LA. When it does actually spend its time there though, it is some top notch cinematography to behold. Nonetheless, all of this adds up to a downgrade in atmosphere from the first film, which for me is one of the biggest draws to this universe. In spite of the story overall being an improvement, it still carries shortcomings. The most dramatically impressive moment happens fairly early on in the film, when Ryan Gosling's character, Agent K, investigates an old factory that may have a connection to his memories. I got literal chills feeling the suspense of this scene, but unfortunately it never quite reaches the same dramatic heights after that, and the final climax essentially amounts to a fairly brief fight scene, but this time without a thought-provoking replicant speech at the end. Don't be too discouraged by these criticisms though. Blade Runner 2049 is still a worthy successor to the original film, and one that will likely be discussed and appreciated for just as many decades after its release.
30 | Chalk this one up to my least favorite Denis Villeneueve film. Thing is, it's still quite a good movie. I'm so-so on the first "Blade Runner", I've seen the theatrical cut, and the Final Cut. I prefer the Final Cut (obviously), but there is an interesting note in the theatrical cut that really gives clarity to the movie-making process. In fact, that's what "Blade Runner" was - a study in the filmmaking process, and the excellent credit to set designers."Blade Runner 2049" is a worthy sequel to the first one. This isn't a 'franchise building' sequel, this isn't something that's trying to set-up more sequels. It's just another installment, and that's it. The visuals/cinematography are WORLD CLASS, some of the best I've ever seen - and are the true draw to this movie. Performances are great, and the story coasts along well. Hans Zimmer's score blends perfectly with the sound editing, immersing the audience in the experience.Here's the thing though; both "Blade Runner" and "Blade Runner 2049" have the same trend (which I guess does make this current one truly a sequel) by taking a very, very simple story and overcomplicating it. Seriously, to summarize the plot to this movie would be about a paragraph...but these movies LOVE complicating things. Maybe that's what gives me such an 'off' vibe to them. Maybe. But still, this is a great theatrical experience and worth checking out just for the intrigue the story presents.
50 | A new entry into in the Blade Runner "franchise" that makes us think if this would end up being a classic like the first one. Certainly a stunner in visuals thanks to the beatiful cinematography by Roger Deakins, intelligently crafted screenplay, top notch direction by Denis Villeneuve and a fully remarkable and functional score by Zimmer and Wallfisch, this movie warrants multple viewings. Heck, i even saw it twice now.
45 | Blade Runner 2049 is simply fantastic. In my mind, a perfect sequel to the original film. It manages to capture what made Blade Runner a classic in the first place, while also surpassing the original everywhere it left more to be desired.I'm choosing to skip the usual summary most reviews include, I believe the blinder you enter this film the better off you are. A word of warning, if you are one of the few who has yet to see the original (or if it was so long ago you barely remember) make it a priority to watch it before going in. I'm sure you'll understand the gist of 2049 without watching the original, but you'll miss a lot of what makes this movie so extra spectacular. That being said, avoid other reviews and spoilers.Every time I leave a movie like Blade Runner 2049 I have a smile on my face, it's a rarity these days, a film that instantly makes me want to rewatch. Not just because it was a great film (it was) but because there is so much more I know I'll be able to unpack. This story, written by Hampton Fancher (Screenplay by himself and Michael Green,) is stellar. It does exactly what every screenplay should strive for, it keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time never able to predict what comes next, it answers every question by the end, but it doesn't spoon feed the audience. I want to watch it again because I know there's, even more, to be unpacked.You could hang just about any frame of this film on your wall and call it artwork - it's just that beautifully shot. I had very high expectations when I first learned this film would be shot by director Denis Villeneuve (of Arrival) and respected cinematographer Roger Deakins. I was not disappointed. Every scene of this film is expertly captured, beautiful colors and new aesthetics while still capturing that ever so classic Blade Runner feel. This is the most beautiful film that's come out in recent memory, even one of the most beautiful films of all time. If Deakins doesn't get an Oscar I'll riot.There's a lot to say about this film, Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford both deliver excellent performances. Like its predecessor, Blade Runner 2049 doesn't avoid asking tough questions. It forces the viewer to think for themselves about greater issues. It captures the slower methodical pacing of the original without ever feeling boring.I have to say I'm very happy, a large part of me was terrified this would be another huge world building sequel-setting-up rehash so Warner Bros could have another cinematic universe to grind money out of. My props to them, they've made a real film here. Go watch Blade Runner 2049.
35 | This movie is like entering a different reality, a reality we've made from our excesses and desires. Gee, it seemed real - alarming in both good and bad. An experience for the thinkers among us!
50 | As close to a perfect film as I've seen in 2017. The visuals and sound design can only be described as epic. See it in 2D with a theatre with good sound.
50 | This movie will make you talking about it for thousands of times and years to come. Brilliant cinematography with a great plot and amazing things to be discussed! I was a fan of the Blade Runner from 1982 and this one is even better!
25 | Sometimes when the critic number is out of line (higher) with the viewers, it?s due to an underlying message or aesthetic, regardless of the quality of the movie. When the user number is high in relation to the critic, it?s due to mindless violence, a hugely popular underlying book or character, or just pure nostalgia. This movie seems to hit both sides of the coin so as to have a high number for both critics and users, and still be an underwhelming movie; this doesn?t deserve a number higher than 50 from either side. It?s too long, the editing was poor, the sound queues (loud 80s-esque electro music) were way off for a lot of the scenes, and the Jared Leto?s antagonist was just... strange, and not in a good way. Ryan and Harrison were good, but not good enough to salvage this script.I think both critics and users who rated this movie highly rated it based on what they hoped it would be or they remember the original with an unjustified fondness and slapped that rating into this one. High ratings from users and critics, 2 high profile stars, in a hugely popular genre, and the box office says.... -meh. You get the idea.Make sure you?re well caffeinated. You?re in for a long, uneventful journey.So long... needed a lot more editing and sound level adjustment. Ryan and Harrison were good. Jared Leto, or the writers, made some odd choices in the portrayal of his character. Overall, -meh.
30 | Mediocre at best....too long. Convoluted storyline. Rewatch 1982's original instead.
25 | I can only liken the experience of watching this movie to staring at a well-constructed building. I can appreciate the skill and artistry that went into constructing it. I can marvel at how intricate the design choices are that went into making it. I can admire it as something beautiful, grand and impressive, and there's a joy in exploring its intricacies and making surprising discoveries.But a building, no matter how finely-made, can make me cry. Or laugh. Or scream, or gasp, or feel anything other than completely dispassionate and impersonal admiration for its construction.The movie spends time being subtle and mysterious (a *lot* of time, considering it's nearly 3 hours long), but it doesn't bother providing genuine emotional connections between characters or to its audience, and seems to have no interest in doing so. It literally goes out of its way to damper the prospect of emotional connection of its central romance, then expects the audience to care about that romance's success or dissolution.Being as vague as I can about the story (I learned it from watching you, Blade Runner 2049), the entire plot hinges on a broad statement that a character makes suggesting how dire the stakes are, but the movie does nothing to show that this statement is true. The film's bad guy pursues a course of action that, so far as I can tell, would put him out of business if successful, and is thus motivation-less. In the resolution of a mystery, we discover that a character chose an action that would provide an effective red herring, rather than him taking the rather obvious action that would be simpler and more effectively cover the mystery he's trying to hide.It's a showcase for some magnificent cinematography. The performances are top-notch. The score is hypnotic. I've been thinking about the movie for a week, and I may even watch it again at some point, because it is that dense, and worthy of analysis.But at no point did I feel emotionally connected. Much like my feelings towards the movie "Primer," I'm glad I watched it, and I appreciate its accomplishments. But I can't say I liked it.
40 | I thought the film was very entertaining. Long, but the pace matched the length. I think we're too strung out on instant formulas. This film set a nice pace and kept the marathon going. Why they didn't use Syd Mead for everything is beyond me. Vegas was a 10x leap in design over all the city shots and designs. I thought the initial scenes were a bit overlit like a 1970s Doctor Who episode, but towards the 50% mark, things balanced out nicely. The entire world was over smoked. It would have been nice to see more of the hard work. I couldn't figure out why Dechard shot at K. It feels like a missing line. The "humanity" that the talked about never really showed up. K was a dry character from start to finish minus his one outburst, which I thought was going to his robotic character. Roy Batty he was not. Overall, the unique presentation felt like a film made in the future. I think it'll gain steam over time just like the original. I paid $30 a ticket, so the near three hour format was par for the price.
05 | Blade Runner 2049 is a terrible movie don?t waste your money. Unless u wanna see Ryan Gosling walk around looking confused for 2 and a half hours
None | Looking to go and see this movie tomorrow in IMAX & 3D
50 | Although a little late coming out, the film CGI, plot, cast, sound, score and directing helped the film become that good.Excellent performances from both Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford
50 | Superb. This movie was everything I wanted it to be and more. Denis Villeneuve has become one of my favorite directors.
25 | No he entendido nada
50 | 5 star for:StoryDirectorProducerActingCinematographySoundtrack (6 stars)I recommend watching the first one right before, make the second so much better.
40 | Great cinematography, cast, plot twists, script abs dialogue...would watch again.
40 | goodmovie. My only complaint is they used a male coccyx for a female. Just saying
50 | Great movie! Good follow up to the original. Everything is ratcheted up a couple notches all the while stayin consistant with the concepts, optics and feel of the 1st Blade Runner.
50 | Simply put - this IS Blade Runner. Yes, it is long - but the story and visuals keep you held to the screen. Ford's acting is very at-home in this sequel to the original. Gosling's understated performance goes far to make you root for him as the protagonist android who discovers he might be human. A work of art directed by Denis Villeneuve (ARRIVAL) I cannot understand why it is performing so poorly at the box office.
25 | Story line kinda boring. I had big expectations for this one... fell flat.
20 | Way too long. Left half way through.
50 | Was an awesome continuum to the original.
50 | I loved the special effects. cutting edge. I totally got absorbed into the dark futuristic world. Go see it!
40 | Blade Runner 2049 brings the visuals, dark tone, and realistic world from the first Blade Runner to it's now sequel with perfect style and realism.The CGI in Blade Runner is not only extremely great eye candy to look at, but it feels real and authentic. With every sweeping shot of the city made up and fake with CGI, I still felt the gritty city's realistic pull dragging me in to walk the streets of California with K and help with his main goal.Not only does the city feel realistic and not too far out of reach to today; the characters also feel real, and fit perfectly into the world. Ryan Gosling's K may be a synthetic human; along with most of the cast, but each character was thought out by the writers to be better than their human counter parts. Which is mind-blowing to see robots have better choices than humans.The visuals in Blade Runner were just extremely pretty to look at. The blue and orange tint that presents itself to the audience is felt throughout the movie gives off a very electrical vibe that the audience can truly feel. Whether it's seeing K walk down the neon lit streets of California or just him in his apartment with his holographic girlfriend you can tell each visual was thoughtout and worked on with precise craftsmanship.Blade Runner 2049's key elements are visuals, special effects, CGI, characters, and story telling. With that said this movie is long, 2 hours and 44 minutes is extremely long to some people. My personal opinion is go see this movie whenever you have a chance, but my 3 recommendation's are try to see it IMAX. if you can't no biggie, but the harder recommendedations that you should seriously consider is seeing the first one; without seeing it son parts could get confusing. Lastly, settle in for the long haul. Blade Runner 2049 is a long thought out movie which could turn some people away, but nonetheless it is still an extremely great and fun film.